Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes, six minutes)
Something's wrong, I can feel it
(Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot

But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity brat
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
Backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah

'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard

Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew)
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bust a rhyme'
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and be in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay-looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay
That's all they say, looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face, looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard

So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep-throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do
When they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
Still "Chunky, but Funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?Aw, yeah (It's like this, like this)
it's Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass
(Till forever, till forever)
One time for your motherfucking mind, we represent the 313
You know what I'm saying?
yo they don't know shit about this
For the '96

Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxing, the zany-acting maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects
and twist the necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more car tunes than animation
My lamination of narration
Hits a snare and bass in a track for duck rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be staring gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
I'm infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a Jeep full of people
MCs are feeble, I came to 'cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MCs and stand the lonely one
Imitator, intimidator, stimulator, simulator of data, eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My a cappella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis
That eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MCs
Mic nestler, slamming like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
Plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, 'cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit...
I'm infinite

You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite

'95, '96 ('96)
And on and on and on (and on and on)Yeah.
Ha ha, you feel that baby?
Yeah, I feel it too.
Damn.
You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together
See, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I?
Heh.

I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling,
I'm right back on 'em, with the
I can't call it
Same shit, different toilet, oh you got a nice ass darlin'!
Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend?
Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again!
Now, it all started with my father
I must have got my pimping genes from him, the way he left my mama
I'm a rolling stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage with me, baby I'll make a promise
There ain't nobody as bomb as me
I'm as calm as the breeze, I'm the bees knees, his legs and his arms I'm a
S-superstar, girl, I'm ready for you mama!
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas?

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuevo, first I kiss your navel
Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table
But you may wanna find something more stable
I told you I ain't fooling from the gate, this ain't the first day of April!
But thank you for staying April, I'mma make you learn
To appreciate me, differentiate me
From these phony, little fishy and sissy fake G's
Skip over the "huggy bear" and all the "kissy face", please
Initiate phase three! Missy now service me
Take another shot of Jäger, shake it so nervously
Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby!
Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady!
I told you why I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did you?
Relax woman, you know that I'm only kidding with you
Got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped, but I didn't hit you
I think you're finally starting to get the picture, I'm just...

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go.
'cause I'm on to the next girl,
And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh!

I got you caught up in the rapture
Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you
You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating
But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed you?
Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's so organic
You can't ignore it, so don't just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin'
Damn shorty, I told you this was bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and
Throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup
so stop at a store, pick a pint up
Let's get the pineapple schnapps going, no one'll knock 'cause I'mma hang a sign up
Saying "Don't Disturb", shorty I'm so superb
I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words?

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go.
'cause I'm on to the next girl,
And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh!

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

Ha ha.
Dr. Dre
2010!
Light years ahead of you, ha ha.
Who![Eminem and Sia:]
I can feel the heat rising, everything is on fire
Today is a painful reminder of why
We can only get brighter
The further you put it behind ya
But right now I'm on the inside
Lookin' out, 'cause

[Sia:]
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

[Eminem:]
Yesterday was the tornado warning
Today's like the morning after
Your world is torn in half
You wake in its wake to start the mourning process
And rebuilding, you're still a work in progress
Today's a whole new chapter
It's like an enormous asthma
Thunderstorm has passed ya
You weathered it and poked its eye out
With the thorn bush that you
Used to smell the roses
Stopped to inhale, can't even tell your nose is, stuffed
So focused on the bright side
Then you floor the gas pedal
And hit the corner fast the more asserted
Never looking back
May hit the curb
But every day is a new learning curve as you
Steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve
But you have to
To avert a disaster
Lucky no permanent damage
'Cause they hurt you so bad
It's like they murdered your ass
And threw dirt on your casket but you've returned from the ashes
And that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline
And while you're burning the past, standing in the inferno and chant

[Sia:]
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

[Eminem:]
You're so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life
And it's as though you feel you've died
'Cause you've been killed inside
But yet you're still alive
Which means you will survive
Although today you may weep 'cause you're weakened
And everything seems so bleak and hopeless
The light that you're seekin'
It begins to seep in
That's the only thing keepin'
You from leapin' off the motherfreakin' deep end
And I'm pullin' for you to push through this feeling
And with a little time that should do the healing
And by tomorrow
You may even feel so good that you're willing to forgive 'em even after
All the shit you been put through this feeling of resilience is building
And the flames are burning quick as fire would through this building
You're sealed in but you're fireproof, flame retardant, you withstood it
And as you climb up to the roof, you're just chillin' you look down
'Cause you're so over 'em
You could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling

As time passes
Things change every day
But wounds, wounds heal, but scars still remain the same
But tomorrow today's going down in flames
Throw the match, set the past ablaze

So feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even perspire
From the heat
Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief
And as you say goodbye to the grief
It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell
But you've extinguished this living hell
Still a little piece of you dies as you scream

[Sia:]
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn
Rising, a phoenix from the flames
I have learned, from fighting fights, that weren't mine
Not with fists, but with wings that I will fly

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light[Anderson .Paak:]
Yeah, like that
Okay, yeah

Say bro, (Yeah) where you get them from?
Detroit? (Yeah) That machine gun, spray boy
And it's gon' hit some
New coupe? (Ooh) Been whippin' 'em
New boobs? (Yeah) Where you get them done?
Payroll (Nice), might put you on a table
And spread you out like some Yayo (I'm naughty, yah)
No bitch (Oh), you don't know shit (No)
You just want all my money, ah
I was hopeless (Oh), now I'm focused (No)
Where the fuck is the party at?
Now hold this (Oh), oh shit (Oh)
That's it (Yeah), so sick (Oh)
No shit (Oh)
Damn, I'm (Yeah) getting too fuckin' old for this (Yeah)

[Eminem:]
But still as explosive with, just load the clip
Two pistols on hip, both are gripped
I hold them at shoulder width
Took a stab in the dark and broke the tip
Of my knife off, but your throat is slit
'Cause I'm cutthroat to the utmost with it
The ultimate
I just let the poker chips fall but they were supposed to fit
Now those days are over, scrapin' change in sofas
Tryna save at Kroger (Yeah)
So why would I give a fuck about backstabbin' Trader Joe for?
How 'bout that, I'm paid as Oprah
Think I may have broke the scale
'Cause the wait is over
But wait, wait, hold up, 'cause they say I almost

[Anderson .Paak:]
I almost lost it
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost got me (Stop it, stop it)
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), I got it (I got it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), I got it (I got it)

[Eminem:]
Just sit there and act pathetic and sulk
'Cause I'm getting green, Incredible Hulk
'Cause I usually get it in bulk
But I still will stomp your head to a pulp (Yeah)
You want smoke, I got the tical like Method Man
So get ready to die from second hand
Get a whiff of the doctor's medicine
Like sedatives you'll get popped, Excedrin
'Cause you can get it like over the counter (Yo)
Like I just left the damn concession stand (Yeah)
A mic in my hand's a weapon (What?)
I put that on everything like ranch, I'll never land
Too fly, I don't plan to ever Cinderella Man
What I am is better than
Every single one of you
Whether separate or all of you band together
And I put the game on the pill (Yeah)
Now my Shady babies are all stillborns
Meaning abortions that live 'cause they were still born
I can heal 'em with Neosporin
You 'bout to experience euphoria
(I'm a) true warrior, got the plug like Trugoy
Give me the cue like I'm ScHoolboy
And I'll treat the beat like a pitbull would do to a chew toy and destroy it, 'cause boy I

[Anderson .Paak:]
I almost lost it
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost got me (Stop it, stop it)
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), I got it (I got it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), I got it (I got it)Ooww ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for..
In this corner: weighing 175 pounds,
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders,
The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world:
Slim Shady!

[Chorus — Eminem:]
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

OK... let's go

Back wit Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk
Fix your musk, you'll just be another one bit the dust
Just one of my mothers son who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt. Lick the fumunda cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must I redeem my name 'n' haters get mushed.
Bitches lust. Man, they love me when I lay in the cut.
Fist the cup. The lady gave her eighty some paper cut.
Now picture us. it's ridiculous you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit
Gets worse then Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes
It's elementary. The elephants have entered the room.
I venture to say we're the center of attention it's true
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes.

[Chorus — Eminem:]
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre

[Dr. Dre]
They see that low rider go by, they're, like, "Oh, my!"
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why.
I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre.
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me.
But hey, what else can I say? I love LA.
'Cause over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends.
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again.
I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz.
Driving around with a smashed front end
Let's cash that one in.
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado
The hell if I know.
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decisions
Garage looks like Precision Collision.
Or Maaco beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

And I take great pleasure in introducing: 50 Cent

[50 Cent]
It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thing when you party with me
It's what we into, it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
I'm the napalm, the bomb, the don, I'm King Kong
Get rolled on, wrapped up, and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm
Bring the shaun dawn, burn marajaun, do what you want
Nigga, on and on till the break of what
Get the paper, man, I'm caking, you know, I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like it's supposed to be blown
Motherfucker I'm grown
I stunt, I style, I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want, so what I trick
Fat ass burgundy bags, classy shit, Jimmy Choos shoes
I say move a bitch move

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from duskOh, this what we doin'? Alright
M.A

[Young M.A:]
I like a bitch that like to wobble, wobble
Shake it, shake it, break it, break it
Nigga, we made it, made it, they hate it, hate it
Pro professional, pure persistent, I'm paper chasing
I hate complaining, I hated waiting, I'll pay for patience
But I hate to pay a bill (Hate that)
And I made a mil without a major deal (I made that)
Yeah, her ass fake, but she came for real (She came, uh)
Money ain't a thing, that ain't a thing for real
It's the broke lingo (Huh)
And no, ain't nothing Saweetie, this is no Quavo (Migo)
Man, I just get high, let my hoes lay low (Ooh)
I just want some face but this is no facial (Ooh)
Do right and kill er'body, Drake mode (Hello)
Bitch, I'm tryna eat out, take your plate mode (Hello)
Disrespect that life and I'm in gang mode (Grrr)
You can leave this earth, bitch, I'm in rake mode (Huh)
I'm in cake mode (Huh), I'm in brave mode, uh
What up Marshall? I'm a martian, I'm in Wayne mode (Facts)
Neck wet, big drip, I'm in rain mode (Drip, drip, drip)
Eight niggas, eight hittas, take eight souls (Brrr)
Collect pesos (Huh), and I'm paid, so? (Paid)
Self-made goals (Hey)
When the pain leaves (Huh)
Where does the pain go? (Where?)
Tip of the backwood is where the flame goes (There)
To the sky is where my brain goes (Wow)
Same pack, same fiend, sellin' the same clothes (Wow)
Pinocchio and my pistol, they got the same nose
Me and my niggas gotta eat, we share the same stove (What?)
Case closed, bodies in my lane, bitch, lane closed

[Eminem:]
Game over, Thanos on you H-O's
On my petty shit but I don't paint toes (Yeah)
Get the plunger (Plunger) 'cause Marshall and M.A go plum crazy
Call us liquid plumber, 'cause even Dre know (Dre know)
Beat knocks like a beefed up Detox
You're gonna need three SWATs or police officers at least to come pull me
off of it and I don't stop
Please dawg, I need y'all to keep talking shit 'cause I feed off of it
I am the complete opposite of these retards who spit these weak bars, I'ma leave carnage
Each thought'll be so toxic, it'll block the wind through your esophagus
Stop it, cutting off your oxygen
And I hit them pads like a boxing gym
Better watch for Slim, better get to popping and when I'm at the top again
I won't topple I'm giving it to anyone who wanna come and get it and I'm not gonna stop
But when they ask me is the war finished with MGK? Of course it is
I cleansed him of his mortal sins, I'm God and the Lord forgives even the devil worshippers
I'm moving on but you know your scruples are gone when you're born with Lucifer's horns
And you're from the school of Notorious, Puba, Cube and The Poor Righteous Teachers tutored my students
Showed them all the blueprint and formula
But it seems like the more they studied my music, the more they remind me of eyeballs
I'm watching my pupils get cornier (Uh)
But I'm contemplating yelling "Bombs away" on the game
Like I'm outside of an Ariana Grande concert waiting

Here comes Saddam Hussein, Ayatollah Khomeini
Where's Osama been? I been laden lately
Look at how I'm behaving, they want me gone away
They wanna JonBenet me (Fuck you), I'm unaccommodating
Man, I don't see why they hate me (Huh?)
I'm a clown like John Wayne Gacy (What?)
They call me Kanye crazy (Yah)
APESHIT, Beyonce, Jay-Z (Woo)
And I'm back with Andre, baby (Yeah)
And the doctor's operating (What?)
But he never put no scrubs on from Snoop K.Dot to Shady

Shady like a shadow or your silhouette, intellect, I better check to see why you feel upset
'Cause I met your bitch on the internet now I'm getting head like a Pillow Pet
That bimbo Kim put her lips all the way around this bone and then blow
Like a dusty cartridge from an old Nintendo
Those were the days but I bet you, I'm never gonna be broke again, no
I don't smoke but I got paper, to be blunt, I'm rolling Indo
And I keep it one comma, zero, zero, zero, zero
Real, real, real, murder, murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
Nickle-plated, twenty two, two, two
Bitch, shut the fuck up 'fore I shoot you too
Ain't shit I won't do just to get a few YouTube views
Run up in a church like pew, pew, pew
'Cause that's what I do, do, do
But, even to the untrained human eye
We ain't the same, you and I
Somebody should have explained to you why
For you to go against me, it's simply insane, you will die (Yeah)
That's why they call me Kamikaze, it's plain suicide, yeah
But I know magic and here go my last trick
I'm 'bout to say "Abracadabra" and pull a B Rabbit up out of my hat
I'm about to relapse and I betcha that you won't know how to react
But a look of disgust, I don't doubt it'd be that
As I begin to fuckin' devour the track
And you backpedal that is a cowardly act
Like a Saudi attack when the towers collapse

Here comes Saddam Hussein, Ayatollah Khomeini
Where's Osama been? I been laden lately
Look at how I'm behaving, they want me gone away
They wanna JonBenet me (Fuck you), I'm unaccommodating[Verse 1 - Eminem]

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be black, white or a albino yeah
You can have corn rows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think you just don't say it, then I won't say it
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep making them tired old threats
A little bit like the boy you cried wolf yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go *blah
From outta nowhere, you might find your career
Come to an *err and I'm just like (Oh Yeah)

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)

[Verse 2 - Eminem]

Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit, let em talk shit, cause they talk shit
Knowing deep down, they really just wanna squash it
Cause no one wants to walk around, stepping in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let em, inside's like 'go get em'
And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum'
We just keep winning, by landslides oh and umm
Shady Limited's in any size yo, Denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiya'
Meanwhile your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her
Right in the ass with KY, yes sir!
So full of joy, boy am I absurd
Even Chingy would tell you
'Yea boi don't curr'

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is G-Unit at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)

[Verse 3 - 50 Cent]

Ya homie got clapped on, man I don't care
The cops in my Nana crib, but I'm not there
It is what it is dogg, man life's not fair
Ya friend should've know not to front round here
Listen kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear
They'll strip yo ass of your jewels, right here
Man I'ma say this one time, now get this clear
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where
A beautiful day, without drama is rare
Ya girl's a freak, man sometime we share
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare
You prolly heard about me, I'm a shown up player
In the hood politicin, like I'm running for mayor
riding, winding, dining and shining, know what I'm saying
I ain't got time for fucking around, and horseplaying
I'm making hits, my homies taking hits, who's staying

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)Eminem Has a full line of chainsaws
Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem...
Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper... Eminem
Who can say for sure?
Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use
Society would reap a great benefit

I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer, case of Tourettes
Fuck fuck fuck can't take the stress
I make a mess, as the day progresses, angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches with these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous it's
The only way to escape this mess and make the best of this situation, I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's
Despicable I'm sick of just getting pushed it's ridiculous
I look like a freakin' wuss, a pussy this kid just took
My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook
He hit me I fell, I got back up all I did was book, now there's using your head
Mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Fast forward some years later a teenager, this is fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat
I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud, gee for what reason? You stumped me
But how do you get the shit beat outta you, beat down and be upbeat, when you don't have nothing?
No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start, it's like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street
But if I could just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicin' trash talkin'
In a trance locked in my room, yeah but I got some plans, mama
These damn rhymes are fallin' outta my pants pocket, I can't stop it
And I'm startin' to blend in more
In school this shit helps for sure, I'm gettin' more self-assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch- end of story
Still in my skull's a vacant empty void been usin' it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory
In this gourde there's a Ford engine, door hinge, syringe, an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword
Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored
Ironin' board a bench, a wrench, a ore, wench an attention whore
Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fuckin' chain like an independent store
Something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't, 'cause I'd probably be Dahmer, 'cause mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
'Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb
I was on the bottom of the pile gettin' stomped
But somehow I came out on top
(Oh-oh-oo-oh)

I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice ya'll, fuck it, I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go they scream out go, I'm bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household
Out sold the sell-outs, freak the hell out Middle America, hear 'em yell out, in terror they were so scared and those kids
Just about, belted out whatever spouted or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird
Inappropriate? So be it, I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears it won't be as
Motherfuckin', difficult yeah, 'til then hopefully ya
Little homos get over your fears and phobias
It's OK to be scared-straight they said I provoked queers
'Til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's
A stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' "insert insult here"
Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole' emcee'd
Be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it?
And boy, they did flock, can't believe this little hick locked
This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
That white-trash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin' like six blocks
From a Kid Rock Insane Clown Posse concert in mid October
And God forbid I see the Wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all cause
I'll turn into the Unabomber mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck
Neither is ain't[Dre]
Yeah whattup Detroit?
[Snoop]
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
Ahhh! They didn't do it again,
what-what, what-what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
[Dre]
Oh fo' sho'!
[Snoop]
Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here
What-what, what-what-what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central 
[*LOUD SCREAM*] Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre,
but I..

[Snoop Dogg]
somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy!

[Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop)]

And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
[Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

[Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon

[Chorus 2X]

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
Awww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!

[Snoop]
He's so cra-zay!

[Eminem]
Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
[LOWER pitch] Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot
You happy now? Look here

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo')

[Chorus 2X]

[Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!!Ugh, you're a monster

[Eminem:]
I can swallow a bottle of alcohol and I'll feel like Godzilla
Better hit the deck like the card dealer
My whole squad's in here, walking around the party
A cross between a zombie apocalypse and B-Bobby "The
Brain" Heenan which is probably the
Same reason I wrestle with mania
Shady's in this bitch, I'm posse'd up
Consider it to cross me a costly mistake
If they sleepin' on me, the hoes better get insomnia
ADHD, Hydroxycut
Pass the Courvoisier (Hey, hey)
In AA with an AK, melee, finna set it like a playdate
Better vacate, retreat like a vacay, mayday
This beat is cray-cray, Ray J, H-A-H-A-H-A
Laughing all the way to the bank, I spray flames
They cannot tame or placate the (Ayy)

[Juice WRLD (Eminem):]
Monster
You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster, yeah
I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster, yeah
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
(Godzilla, fire spitter), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and Louis V carpet
(Fire, Godzilla, fire), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and Louis V carpet

[Eminem:]
I'm just a product of Slick Rick and Onyx, told 'em lick the balls
Had 'em just appalled did so many things that pissed 'em off
It's impossible to list 'em all
And in the midst of all this
I'm in a mental hospital with a crystal ball
Tryna see, will I still be like this tomorrow?
Risperdal, voices whisper
My fist is balled back up against the wall, pencil drawn
This is just the song to go ballistic on
You just pulled a pistol on a guy with a missile launcher
I'm just a Loch Ness, the mythological
Quick to tell a bitch screw off like a fifth of Vodka
When you twist the top of the bottle, I'm a

[Juice WRLD (Eminem):]
Monster
You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster (Yeah)
I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah)
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
(Godzilla, fire spitter), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and Louis V carpet
(Fire, Godzilla, fire), monster
Blood on the dance floor, and Louis V carpet

[Eminem:]
If you never gave a damn, raise your hand
'Cause I'm about to set trip, vacation plans
I'm on point like my index is, so all you will ever get is
The motherfuckin' finger (Finger), prostate exam ('Xam)
How can I have all these fans and perspire?
Like a liar's pants, I'm on fire
And I got no plans to retire and I'm still the man you admire
These chicks are spazzin' out, I only get more handsome and flyer
I got 'em passin' out like what you do when you hand someone flyers
And what goes around comes around just like the blades on the chainsaw
'Cause I caught the flack, but my dollars stacked right off the bat like a baseball
Like Kid Ink, bitch, I got them racks with so much ease that they call me Diddy
'Cause I make bands and I call getting cheese a cakewalk (Cheesecake, yeah)
Bitch, I'm a player, I'm too motherfuckin' stingy for Cher
Won't even lend you an ear, ain't even pretending to care
But I tell a bitch I'll marry her if she'll bury her
Face in my genital area, the original Richard Ramirez
Cristhian Rivera, 'cause my lyrics never sit well
So they wanna give me the chair
Like a paraplegic, and it's scary, call it Hari Kari
'Cause every Tom and Dick
And Harry carry a Merriam motherfuckin' dictionary
On 'em swearing up and down, they can spit, this shit's hilarious
It's time to put these bitches in the obituary column
We wouldn't see eye to eye with a staring problem
Get the shaft like a steering column (Monster)
Trigger happy, pack heat, but it's black ink
Evil half of the Bad Meets
Evil, that means take a back seat
Take it back to Fat Beats with a maxi, single
Look at my rap sheet, what attracts these people
Is my 'Gangsta Bitch' like Apache with a catchy jingle
I stack chips, you barely got a half-eaten Cheeto
Fill 'em with the venom and eliminate 'em
Other words, I Minute Maid 'em
I don't want to hurt 'em, but I did, I'm in a fit of rage
I'm murderin' again, nobody will evade him
I'm fittin' to kill 'em and dumpin' their fuckin' bodies in the lake
Obliterating everything, incinerate a renegade
I'm here to make anybody who want it with the pen afraid
But don't nobody want it, but they're gonna get it anyway
'Cause I'm beginnin' to feel like I'm mentally ill
I'm Attila, kill or be killed, I'm a killer bee, the vanilla gorilla
You're bringin' the killer within me outta me
You don't want to be the enemy of the demon who entered me
Or be on the receivin' end of me, what stupidity it'd be
Every bit of me's the epitome of a spitter
When I'm in the vicinity, motherfucker, you better duck
Or you finna be dead the minute you run into me
A hundred percent of you is a fifth of a percent of me
I'm 'bout to fuckin' finish you, bitch, I'm unfadable
You wanna battle, I'm available, I'm blown up like an inflatable
I'm undebatable, I'm unavoidable, I'm unevadable
I'm on the toilet bowl
I got a trailer full of money and I'm paid in full
I'm not afraid to pull a—

Man, stop
Look what I'm plannin', haha[Alfred Hitchcock:]
I trust that everyone is enjoying the music
As the title of the album suggests
This was meant for your listening pleasure
While you are being done in

[Eminem:]
Call this evil intent, like me in a limo (Yeah)
Like the shade in these windows
Smoke gray, ladies go mental
But no way they can see in though (Nah)
OJ blade is a pencil (Yeah)
Propane takin' my cranium
Code-name Titanium Temple
I almost swallowed my car
I call my Mercedes a Benzo
Bitch, I ball like a baby
Ball like J, but not Jay as in
Jay-Z, J as in Leno
'Cause I got a huge mansion
No, huge man chin, new Manson, loose cannon
Too scandalous, Sue Atkins
The kinda crazy you can't fix
I'm still the one your parents hate
I'm in your house eatin' carrot-cake
While I sit there and wait and I marinate
I'm irritated, you 'bout to meet a scary fate
And come home to find yourself starin' straight into a fuckin' barrel like Sharon Tate
Raise the concerto while I narrate
Yeah, you be on the straight and narrow like a fuckin' arrow shape
I be on a higher plane in aerospace
With so much leg-room and air space on this airplane
Unlike you 'cause you're on a flight too, but it's a staircase

Now, little engine go, finna vrin-vrin go
I'm losin' control
Heroin and blow, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Time to Ri-Rick-Roll, up the en-endo
Like a win-window
Little engine gone, little engine

I am the top-sellin', who cares?
Stop dwellin', then stop yellin'
I'm not yellin', you're yellin'
Smart aleck, goddammit
Fuck is that? Stop hammering (God)
That's what it sounds like in my brain
Much as I fight to restrain
I have the right to remain violent
Any rhyme that I say can and will be used against you
Icicle veins, mics will get slain
Life it will strangle you with bicycle chain
You're gonna have to come identify the remains
Wait, what?
I said my head is twisted like a bread tie (Yup)
Can't get a fuckin' word in, edgewise (Shut up)
Success overnight like a red-eye (Bitch)
Dressed like a Jedi at a Best Buy on the Westside
I'm hot dog, no you're not, I'm the guy with the Oscar at Meijers
In appliances by the washers and dryers
Chick ran up like, "Marshall on fire"
I looked down and said, "No, I'm not, you're a liar"
She said, "No, your music"
Heard you're back with the Doctor and I heard

Now, little engine go, finna vrin-vrin go
I'm losin' control
Heroin and blow, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Time to Ri-Rick-Roll, up the en-endo
Like a win-window
Little engine gone, little engine

Dr. Dre
(Psycho) Psycho, killer
Michael (Michael), Thriller (Thriller), my flow, apeshit
I Go-rilla
My flow (My flow), still a psycho (Psycho), killer (Killer)
(Nitro) Hi ho, Silva
Similes and idioms giddy up
I think I can, I think I can
I know I can, psycho I am
Michael, my knife go right hand
In my left hand, I hold mic stand
Little engine gone
Ch-ch-chill like I d-d-do z-z-zilch (Yeah)
Like Kaepernick, I got n-n-kneel, word to Goodwill-will
This must be how bein' hoodrich feels
Was a ghetto boy, now I ball out like Bushwick Bill (Hi ho)
Finna take you out like an outro
Bruce Wayne and Alfred, look out ho
Blueface meets Albert DeSalvo
Balboa with a scalpel
Scoundrel hound with a mouth full of Alpo

Now, little engine go, finna vrin-vrin go
I'm losin' control
Heroin and blow, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Time to Ri-Rick-Roll, up the en-endo
Like a win-window
Little engine gone, little engineYeah, yeah, I get it
I run this rap shit, now guess who’s back
You thought I left you, now why would I do that? (1, 2, 3)

They keep on sayin’ the same rappers are the best
Jay-Z and Kanye West, maybe they’re just tryna distract it
From the fact that I’m comin’ back
Or maybe it’s cause I ain’t black, maybe it’s because of that
Maybe it’s because I’m the highest sellin’ artist in rap
While I’m sittin’ back in my office jackin’ off to my plaques
I’m still sick, how can I be sick this long
And I’m still alive, Magic Johnson arise
I thrive on makin’ my opponents think that I’ve died
That’s when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go there
Damn I forgot how much money he got
On the beach of Saint-Tropez, but your man don’t lay
In the sun cause I don’t tan, I burn, blood clot
When you gonna learn how much money we’ve earned
How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25
And coulda retired at 29 in my 20′s still
And Fif’ here to lick on that Coca-Cola shit
And he ain’t even gotta look at coke to even hold a brick
No more, oh boy, goddamn did he score
To go from sellin’ bags to bottles right out the store
And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us
My ex-wife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers
So stay the fuck off us, we make pay
I’m just a super easy modest MC, okay?
Til I hear the word has been, that’s when I start spazzin’
Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then
I’m the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards
I’m a blonde Dre, now gimme Kanye’s glasses!Yeah.

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Eminem:]
Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
From the beginning, it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something, fucking acronym
Cut the fucking act like you're happy, I'm fucking back again
With another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over 'til I say it's over – enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up
I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivate at it
Wait is up, hands up like it's 12 noon, nah, homie
Hold them bitches straighter up, wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos
I ain't deflate enough, last chance to make this whole stadium erupt 'cause

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath
I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust
Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So floor's open if you'd like to discuss
Top 5 in this motherfucker and if I don't make the cut
What, like I give a fuck, I will light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
To the side of a pump, 0 to 60 hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up
And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh might've mistook
Me for bowing out I ain't taking a bow, I'm stabbing myself
With a fucking knife in the gut, while I'm wiping my butt!
'Cause I just shitted on the mic, and I like getting cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut
'Cause I'mma fight 'til I die or win
Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier, wait
Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut
It's survival of what?

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Eminem:]
So get your ideas, stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle,
Now mount up, jump in the saddle
This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick
I don't do this music shit, I lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do, as soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit
But my respect is overdue, I'm showing you the flow no one do
'Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit!
So there's nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trade
So you better trade your fucking mics in for some tool-box-es
'Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me, so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers!
But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to believe
'Cause this is something that I must use to succeed
And if you don't like me then fuck you!
Self esteem must be fucking shooting through-the-roof 'cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bullet proof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you
I must be allergic to failure 'cause every time I come close to it
I just sneeze, but I just go achoo then achieve!

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it allOnce you call my name out things will never be the same....
They should have never let us get off foot in this game...
Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missing a screw like Bishop and Juice
I could lose it at any moment
Those who know me know it
So they're probably told you go with the flow
Just so that I don't explode
And have another episode where I let it go as far as
The one with Benzino did I'm waiting for that next beef,
I'm cocked, locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad I'm going bananas,
My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fucking pole vault with
Oh shit, I mean when she was still bloated
Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it
Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game
Cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing,
People in this game try to buddy buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have something to do with that
They all trying to get that stamp
They after that Shady - Aftermath money
It's like a monopoly
They probably just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 Cent was like a fucking jackpot for me
And Dre, it's like we hit the fucking lottery
And a damn slot machine at the same time as each other
Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers
When we rhyme with each other
In time we discovered that we have more in common
Then we thought with each other
Both robbed of our mothers
Our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us, was it our fault
Cause we started thinking god doesn't love us
Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens
I still remember the call up in ??
Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's getting dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and, uh, operate
That's when he popped up a number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wond-ering
Even if I'm under the gun
You ain't gotta agree all the time with me
Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit
Still gonna conduct motherfucking business as usual
Ego's aside, fore I bruise em' all
Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's
Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them
Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats
Stomping, I been romping since Tim Dogg was hollering
'Fuck Compton'
I was whilin', free styling back when they was still making Maxell cassettes
I wasn't even raps Elvis yet
That tells us that any doubts in your head that seals the shit
Ricky-Ticky-Toc-Ticky-Ticky-Toc
Still with the Diggy-Diggy-Doc-Diggy-Diggy-Doc
And you don't stop(Wanna take it from the top?)

Lady you remind me of my raps on that Relapse shit
Cause you got an ass thick as them accents
Two ass cheek implants, call that an asset
'Cause you could stick a glass on it, it's massive
From the first time I saw you I actually said to myself, "I gotta meet her like a taxi"
Exactly, love affair in the backseat
Sorry if I'm being graphic, but I'm stiff as a statue
You sat on a shelf, I feel like I'm a bust
Maybe I'm just ahead of myself
Let me slow down, slow your Camaro
I'm tryna catch up, I'm tryna' jump your bones to the marrow
Got me under your control and your spell
Wanna wrap you up, put you in a bow like an arrow
Grab you by the (meow), hope it's not a problem in fact
About the only fact I agree on with Donald is that
So when I put this palm on your cat
Don't snap, it's supposed to be grabbed
Why do you think they call it a snatch
I just wanna climb in the sack
I'ma keep it 100, like my speedometer's at
I'm watching you rap, I'm the dude following in back
About six cars back, I'm in the lac
And I want to (uh)

All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you say you're vile
Me too, you're burning up
I'm running...

All day, all night
You feel, my heat (fire...)
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat

Hate to inconvenience you at the convenience store
But those jeans you wore, like I've never seen before
I pretend to work there, while I clean the floor
Checking you out, like the clerk, while he rings you up
Pull up behind you while you're leaving and you don't even know it (ayo, Rick, man)
She's brushing her hair, adjusting her mirror, she's rapping my shit
But she wasn't aware, I was there, or maybe she was, and just didn't care
Who knows, at least that isn't up in the air
It's something to see
But just like a girl who thinks her coochie doesn't stink
If she ain't planning to do shit, this summers eve
Maybe she wants to keep me company
But fuck the Pepé Le Pew shit!
"Ain't steppin' to you, bitch," I say to myself
Plus she's bumpin' my music, ain't chasin' no tail
Like a skunk in heat
I could sweat her to some degree
But fuck it, I'm the male, let her come to me
(Could you repeat that again?)
Let her come to me, male sweater, some degree, fail
Fuck it, pull up beside her
Sideswipe her, Dodge Vipe-her
What is a brighter ass if she wants a computer lodged in her vagina?
Said my dick is an apple, she said put it inside her
I said...

All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you say you're vile
Me too, you're burning up
I'm running...

All day, all night
You feel, my heat (fire...)
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat

Black out, come to, hands covered in blood
Motherfucking gloves and a shover stuck in the mud
I just bodied the beat, so that hoe must've been dug
Cause it just died like "ooh, food coloring, duh"
So let's get turnt, like a shish kebab, twist it Ma
Like an Air Conditioning knob
We be great together
Don't care if it takes forever
If I gotta wait, I guess it's better late than never
You felt my heat, rubbing off on you
I love your personality
Come on, little mama, you're hot enough to melt Rick's beat
Come jump in the water, I bet you get your self esteem
From your persona
With an ass to match, girl your body is lit
You're striking, I'm a gas
Girl, you're just gonna have to put the mother chumps on the back burner
You got puns, I got asperger's
Just let me rest my head in between that set of Ds
While I shred MC's, like cheddar cheese
That's just the thoroughbred me in me, ain't a better breed
My dog thinks so too, look at my predigree
Ma, the world is what I think of you
I think you're divine, so I might swing on you
I'm just kidding girl, I wouldn't lift a finger or two
Unless it's the middle finger, to finger you

All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you say you're vile
Me too, you're burning up
I'm running...

Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat

Under ones and twos, threes and four (the morning)
Wait for the cut like Neosporin (what?)
He's mixing it up for me and Lauren
A teddy like short for Theodore
We're outtie, five thousand

(Who the fuck, it's my big dick, so everybody get ready right fucking now)[Eminem:]
I roll over and go to reach for you, you're gone
This bed's empty without you
You said you're moving on
But I'm having some trouble getting there
But dwelling ain't getting me, uhh, anywhere
Fuckin' Valentine's Day
Fuck February, stuffed teddy bear, guts everywhere
Machete on the floor, I smashed up every mirror
Yeah, how do I look?
You fuckin' just left me here to die didn't you?
Why didn't you respond yet?
I've written you five or six different times and
I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apologizing to you
I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through
This couldn't be true, we can't be over
So violets are blue, roses are red
Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you?

[Chorus - Kobe:]
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone

[Eminem:]
Guess I gotta deal with the fact that, you ain't never comin' back
Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you
So I'm findin' something the matter with them
Excuse to not see anyone
Useless, rather pick up the phone, not at all, followin' protocol
I get bold like bowling balls
Grow balls and go to call to talk, forget what I want to say
Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman
I'm sick of playin' these games, I can't handle this heartbreak
It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains
Like birthday cake candles
Hang up the phone and I shake, I think I may have made a mistake
Can't escape the madness
Turn the radio on, I hate this sad song
But I can't even change the station
The same one's playin' on eight channels
I lay awake in shambles, I'm startin to hallucinate
I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes
In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I

[Chorus - Kobe:]
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone

Give me one more, bottle for the pain
Give me one more for the memories
Give me one more, I'll make it taste like a steak
It'll help alleviate
It'll soothe this ache
Of trying to fake
That she's really, she's really coming back

[Eminem:]
And it's been a while now, but I finally realize how
Much reality sucks, but it's just something about our love
I'm still in denial now, dealing with the finality of it
And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we, spent
And how I'll never hold you again
And there ain't shit I can do about it
Now my head is overcrowded
With these clouded memories and I can't seem to get you out it
And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably
Knowing what you done did to me, huh?
Did it even occur to you that I loved you?
Completely, deep, and madly head over heels for you
Was you and me, once used to be together forever
It was supposed to be us, but you crushed the dream
We was supposed to die together, and it's killing me so much
When I sleep I wake up dead, must be why I

[Chorus - Kobe:]
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone[Obie Trice:]
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school
Now look what he became, a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents
So welcome to the art department

[Eminem:]
I stimulate the brain, mimic, emulate the sane
Cinic keep em' thinking its a fucking gimmick when it ain't
Clinically insane, brain is on Venus suck Uranus
Label me a genius if you ever seen us you would say
He may seem as though he's plain normal
If you ever meet him, greet him with a shake, see
He ain't as mean as what they say
See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say
So he's vague, so they mistake him for just bein' crazed
You part ways, your impression of him changed
You don't think he's strange, you turn around and tell him "peace and thanks"
Then you catch him flipping you off, with his pants down
Hands around his scrotum, tucking his fucking penis between his legs

[Obie Trice:]
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school
Now look what he became, a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents
So welcome to the art department

[Eminem:]
Its all psychologic, why am I so maniacal,
Am I psycho or some kind of psychotic stick,
Or am I truly psychotic, or my molecules just diabolical,
Cause biologically I defy logic, bye golly hall me off  on a trolly, probably wanna cracker, I'm back on the wacky tobacco,
I'm a step away from crack Obie smack the shit outta me,
I'm so slap happy man, snap me back to reality,
Ima walking art gallery, a science museum,
Elephantiasis of the nuts you probably die if you see em,
I pull em out they hit the ground and probably crack the cement,
I need an ambulance I cant just put em back in my pants[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not
You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya
You're rotten, what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better

Holy toledo it's Angelina Jolie amigo
She told me yo Shady just hand your penis to me I'll deep throat
And Brad if you try to stand between us then we're gonna see bro
Who was a fantasy I don't mean to damage your ego
You faggots wanna rassle I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole
And rope it shut with a lasso
Couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil
Just incase I ain't dope enough wit the raps though
Coke is cut with tobacco
Smoke it up then go wacko
This is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco
Shady let go, the hoe has been choked up enough
Let her ass go
Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole
I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra cuter
Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her
I'm off my fucking meds but I'm on an electric scooter
I might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers
Spit in Jasons face while I vomit on Freddy Krugar
They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar
Now I'm gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra-
cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew cuz

[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?

[B.o.B]
B.o.B I done told you once homie to easy up, geez
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
Cause I will never lay down?
And I will never let up?
(I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better)

[B.o.B - Verse 2]
With the soul of a Sharman
I leave the beat than vomit
Like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach
I pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies
Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in
So can you hear me coming
Eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting
It's probably go diseases on it
I'm just being honest, I can see the comments
I can see the evolution as we creep up on it
I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie
Shit I just do this for the haters, I don't need the money
I diarrhea on track so it needs plunging
Somebody tell these girls please release my undies
Nobody really understands my language
I find it complicated just to hold a conversation
But still I got a whole lot of patience
Sittin' back watching Earth from my Space station

[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not
You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya
You're rotten, what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better

[Eminem - Verse 3]
Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bendingfield in a washer
Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle
Its like I got ya hypnotising like I gotcha
I gotcha pychologically fucked
Michael would like an apology what
Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt
And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts
I'm as cold as a muthafucking icicle on my nut
I aint nuttin' nice, man I like to pull knives and I like to cut
The poster addict for post tramatic stress
I guess this is the most dramatic I've been in a while
This is the closest that its come to the Marshall Mathers
I can hear him start to gather
I don't paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family
This ain't your orphan Annie, no this is more uncanny
Kick down Dakota Fannings front door while the whore is tanning
(He can't say whore)
Of course he can, man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties

[Eminem - Chorus]
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya, nah I guess not
You just can't can ya, man I can't stand ya
You're rotten, what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better[Bizarre (Ed Sheeran):]
Damn, girl, with your sexy ass, haha
Let me holla at you
D.A. got that dope
(It's one of those kinda nights)

[Eminem {Ed Sheeran}:]
Yes, this beat's takin' me back to my D12 days
When we hit the club to go and hell-raise
Probably end up baggin' the cocktail waitress
And takin' her straight back to the Motel-8
Yeah, Bizarre's tryna get a lap dance
Off a Xanax and Jack Dan' (Ayo)
Stripper walk by, I'm like "Goddamn"
She's like "That's harassment," I'm like "Yeah, and?" (Woo)
Holy Toledo, it's Miss Ohio
That's the best ass I've seen in a while
We should be datin', she's from Cleveland
But she's a bengal, this chick is catty
Is that a mini-skirt if it's a maxi?
That's the shortest thing for a dress since an addy (since an addy)
She said "Fuck off" and threw her liquor at me
{It's one of those kinda nights}
Then I said, I said

[Ed Sheeran:]
If you wanna go hard tonight
Well then the smoke and the bottle are on me
Slip into the red dress you like
When we arrive we probably won't leave
I love the way you move like that
When you push your body on mine, oh my
You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sun rise
It's one of those kinda nights

[Eminem:]
This beat keeps takin' me back like my ex does
Only 'cause how good the sex was
Hit up the next club, met Alexa
But she was so extra, called her etcetera
Had her like "Oh, my God, my whole iPod's filled with your songs, I mow my lawn to 'em"
I said "Oh, my God, you know my songs, that's totally awesome, I'm Marshall, what's goin' on?" (Haha)
Seriously though, jokes aside, how you doin'? You straight?
She said "No, I'm bi"
She said "Are you drunk?", I said "No, I'm high"
I'm checkin' out the chick, she said "So am I"
What's in the cup, let me see that
Girl where the rest of that promethazine at
She said cool, gotta run out to my Cadillac
I be like Fat Joe, bring the lean back
Then I said

[Ed Sheeran:]
If you wanna go hard tonight
Well then the smoke and the bottle are on me
Slip into the red dress you like
When we arrive we probably won't leave
I love the way you move like that
When you push your body on mine, oh my
You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sun rise
It's one of those kinda—

[Eminem:]
OMG
Like the gas in the tank, she gettin' low on me
Says she wants go with me
I said, "Go with you where?" She said "Out"
I said I'm a candle, I go out if you blow on me
Walk her out to the parkin' lot
Here comes the brigade
Turn like a flip page, Swifty look shitfaced
(Say peace to McVay and me and this chick take off like a sick day)
Me and this chick take off like a sick day
Drivin' around, I said "Let's pull over"
She said "No problemo", windows are dark tint
Roll up the car windows
Monte Carlo in park, bumpin' Bizarre's demo
Gettin head in the bucket, marshmello
Yeah, I never in the club met a woman worth knowin'
But if you're ho'in
Opposites attract, I'm someone, you're a no one
I'm high and you're bi
I'm comin', you're goin

[Ed Sheeran:]
If you wanna go hard tonight
Well then the smoke and the bottle are on me
Slip into the red dress you like
When we arrive we probably won't leave
I love the way you move like that
When you push your body on mine, oh my
You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sun rise
This one of those kinda nights[Intro]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 1 - Eminem]

Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it
you better just make new living arrangements,
if you think your the top and king of the castle
You about to get thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole
All I hear is, I'm best at this an I'm best at that,
but I don't hear my name No man brought up in rap
and I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that
but when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought of as that
Not even the same league as Jay-Z
Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe they'll name me
Somewhere down at the bottom right after AZ
or say "he ripped that Biggie verse or that Jay-Z
Yo, his verses were crazy on that Renegade beat
but I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady
And I all I hear is pop tunes come on the rad-i-o
And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily"
And that very well may be the same reason they don't say me
when they speak on hip-hop legends which has amazed me
Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream
and make it big-big-big-big-b-baby

[Verse 2 - Obie Trice]

So maybe the 80's made me crazy, I been tryin' to get my weight
up since the A Slim Shady gave me the gate key, paid the ways
So lately mind state's get better each day, replay my relay race
when I was chasin' the a fey at 18, 8 years later his voice in Beijing
no choice I chase cream so..

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 3 - Stat Quo]

This is what I eat, sleep, breath an feed my kids whatever I feel my family needs
I treat the mic like the block, fought with my rocks an squeeze critics who expect me to under achieve
I just deal with the hate I receive, I rollin' back my sleeves, ? show other bree with bran wrapped to
his knees?
An tell him suck my dick, take a bow an leave with a sack full of amar cheese, I found it hard to believe
Who the bullet perceive to be G's an claim there runnin' shit, nigga I run me
An as a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me, that same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E
Folk in the hood asking where I be, dawg I'm out in Hawaii, don't like it drink my pee
Record songs for the Detox LP, feet don't fail heat, niggas got me bent like cranberry and bellvee?
I'm gonna die wealthy, boss of the game, what the fuck they goin' tell me, A-Town's own tre, Aftermath Shady

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 4 - Bobby Creek]

Y'all market y'all own block, they see me ???? that, rap game's an old flame my nigga I want 'em back
Like mic check, pimp for what it's worth I got the right knit, sittin' here excited by some shit that
ain't right yet
No regret, live by a cold June, no bot, y'all niggas won't be satisfied 'till I show ??, go out on the
limb with Em 'cause I'm with him, put a barrel to they apparel to you an some of them
Stand a chance at the dance without a bowtie, Shady Records re-introduced you niggas to multi, so
hot, all the light that they given me an the haters like a chauffer because it's have driven me
To a view with a vendetta, I am the epitome, I don't give a fuck about you nigga I'm just livin' me
We the reason for the season so I'm just breezin' through the track, nigga

[Eminem]

Shady

[Verse 5 - Cashis]

I can prove I'm here to do somethin' you never do, from hand to hand coke sales for my revenue
I ain't been to a bucks an why I ain't snuck a weapon through, there's no
background reveals a 1-8-7-2, 'till the block I'm the truth, to the cops I'm the proof
And if a nigga's still out there you just gotta shoot, I carry over my street ethics to the booth
In the Shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth, the difference between me an you, I already done an
lived the street life, niggas run away from it, you follow my life, in the Midwest blunted, pitchfork's
held high, 4 5th by the stomach, you find me right now on the C.A. streets, I'm on the roof of the
building shootin' at police, some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me, I'm gonna walkin' obituary,
death live in me, I take life through the pen by the way I'm see I'll have you raped in the pen, like
American meat
I'm connected gettin' weight, from MS-13 with SK's, AR's an Mini-14's, I'm Ca$his, the last of
the real, were strapped on Prozac B's and E pills, it's the rap, got the block on tip, 2 ???? of crack
I'm in the light dark contract, Shady's back, nigga

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back
Ha, I told you we was back
Ha ha haOw ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

I never seen no chick like this
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick
Of course it is
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her
Fucks like a porn star
Looks like Jenna
Fack I'm gonna
Cum
I think my rubber's coming off
But oh it's so fuckin' wet and soft
Fuck I'm gonna start letting off
I'm squirting and she's not getting off
And she's on top
I'm gonna fucking, oh God
Oh don't do that
Don't stop
Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop
Ah Wait a minute
Oh oh fack
I'm gonna fucking cum

Ow ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

Oh wow boom that pow
Oh wow I need a cigarette now
Oh I'm so fucking hot and you're so fuckin' hot
Oh my God
I wanna facking fack
No, not fuck
I said fack
F A C K F A C K
Fack fack fack facking freak me
Oh yeah girl see baby
They call me Mr. Freaky
Let's call your sister three-way
Have some threesome
Me so horny
And you're such a fuckin' babe
I wanna go down on you
Fack you shaved
Oh God damn
Here I go again
I'm gonna cum, I am

Ow ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh

OK I'm done
I already came twice
You ain't gonna make me cum
I'm all out of gas
Not so fast
Ah Your finger just went in my ass
Ah that hurts take it out now
Oh wait a minute put it back in
In in in
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men
I like boobs
Boobs boobs
Now See that gerbil
Grab that tube
Shove it up my butt
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole
Oh yeah right there, right there
Uh I'm cumming
Oh yeah
Fack I just came again
OK pull it out now
Oh fuck yeah
Wait he's not out
He's still crawling around up there
Oh fack I think it's stuck
Oh but it feels so fucking good

Ow ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin'cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Ew
Ew ew ewThese ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go...

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you...

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can...

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away'Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name
So on a bigger stage
They came to see you spit your game

But it shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame
Love the game, cold as ice you remain
Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again

So, god damn... is it that time again already
Ha-ha, you don't look too happy to see me
Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once
All right, fuck y'all then

You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch, dog fall back you mutts
Fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mummy
And my nuts, licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy
Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny!
Shorty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker
Motherfucker might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker
The shit is on, 'cause you went and pissed me off
Now I'm shitting and pissing on everybody
Give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So buck the Buddha, light a bong
But take a look at Mariah
Next time I inspire you to write a song, c'mon

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

Fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Y'all are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing
I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fucking around motherfucker
I'll show you pussy-footing, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt
'Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin', you must've mistook me for some sissy
Soft punk looking for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead, fucking hater push me
I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me
Call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up sissy, G's up
All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (Shady ease up!)
Man chill, nah I can't god dammit
Rap is a landfill, drop the anvil
These are shoes that you can't fill
Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still
During an earthquake, urine in your face
'Cause you're fake, ah what the fuck, that hurt wait!
Ah what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening
Alright then I quit, god I give up
Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do
This is for your sins, I cleanse you
You can repent but I warn you, if you continue
To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
So long, 'til then I drop the fucking bombs
Like I miss the pass when I went long
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women
When Aquaman drowns and the human torch starts swimming
Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo
So don't compare me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah
I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune
The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say I was writing this and I thought of you so

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

Oh oh oh oh oh oh
I don't know, I don't know what caused, I don't know what caused me to be this way
I don't know, I don't know but I'll probably be this way 'til my dying day
I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold mean things I don't mean to say
I guess this is how you made meOhh!
Yeah!
So much for first single on this one

[Verse 1]
Shady's the label
Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out erra
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as Mrs Buttersworth's syrup
It's the Mr. picked on Christopher Reeves
Just for no reason other than the just to tease him
Cause he was was his biggest fan, he used to be Superman
Now we're pouring liquor on the curb in his name for him
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again
Fucker I'm kicking your ass for everything you've ever said
It's one for the money two for the fucking show
Ready get set, let's go
Here comes the bucking bronco stomping and stampeding up the damn street
Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm bout' to blow
So look out below, Geronimo, motherfuckers is dominos
I'm on a roll, around and around I go
When will I stop? I don't know
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off
But I know anything's possible
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game
That shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team
I'll get away with murder
I'm like O.J. he's like my Cochran today
We keep the Mark Fuhrman tapes
In a safe, locked them away
Better watch what you say
Just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to god you was playing
Whether or not you was little Joshua
Gosh I wish I could've told you to not do the same
Cause one day it could cost you your name

[Chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca

[Verse 2]
Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked
chicka chicka chicka ..
Janean just turned 16 and used a fake id
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly
Hehehehehe, to be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hickory Dickory Dirk Diggler
Look at me work wizardry with these words
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain
22 jerks and a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute
What am I saying, allow me to run it back and rewind it
rrrbb lemme ask you again
Am I just jerkin the chain
Am I bizerk or insane
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Working the damn camera filming one of them
Paris Hilton home made pornos
Who keeps tilting the lens at an angle
Chicka Chicka
Just recently somebody just discovered
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fucking
When they were just musketeers in the Mickey Mouse club
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them
Cause they could've sworn someone said Nuh-
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the
Ga-Uh and then the come to find out it was Justin
Saying "I'm gonna come!"
And this was suppose to be

[Chorus]
supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca

[Verse 3]
Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back
As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre
Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!)
So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken,
Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock(?) bawka-bi-kaw
Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick
And stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
fucka-fucka-fuck off!

[Chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca CaYeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

(Ha)
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

And if you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha)[Kehlani:]
Ashes blowing in the air.
Our world's on fire, but we don't care.
Wasted youth, always on the road,
Never looking back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold.
Fuck doing what you're told.
We're going nowhere fast.

[Eminem:]
I feel sorry for this beat.
Sympathy pains for this track.
This road is taking me back
Down memory lane with this rap.
I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback.
I'm simply stating a fact:
I had Wembley Stadium packed.

But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast.
Another terrorist attacks
Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up. Alas.
We perish in the blast,
But that isn't scaring us.
We pass nowhere, we're fearless
'Cause we're just

[Kehlani:]
Ashes blowing in the air.
Our world's on fire, but we don't care.
We don't give a… no, no.
Wasted youth, always on the road,
Never looking back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold.
Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told.
We're going nowhere fast.

'Cause we're going no—, going no—
Going no—, going no—, going no—,
Going nowhere.
We're on the run of our lives.
Going nowhere fast.

[Eminem:]
Fuck doing what you're told.
Act like a two-year old.
Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow anyways.
For MCs it's a funeral
When I'm devising this rhyme
'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning.
That's why I rise and I shine
Like a new day has dawned on me.

Gusto, guts, bravado.
Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot.
I must have got you in somewhat of a debacle
'Cause some stuff that's awful
Really don't mean nothing although
There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow.

But if at times my heart it seems like it's in the wrong place.
It's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve.
Keanu Reeves. Speed of life.
Avoid or veer or just steer toward it.
We're only looking forward, but
Where we're going. We have no idea.

Nowhere to go but hysterical.
It's getting warm in here. I set the world on fire.
Was born to be an arsonist.
Just one spark and it's lit,
But I'mma still get dark on this shit.
Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch.

War machine? But you've forced me in a corner
I'm sure to have something for your rear
And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe.
Go to war with me you'll end up blew to Timbuktu.
I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un
And end up ruining your career.

But when all is said and done
And at the end of my run
I just rewind clocks.
Forever young.
Make time stop.
Will I ever fall off? That day'll never come
'Til the pine box. Bitch, fuck you!
I'm better than I ever was.

'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does
But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause
This world's screwed,
It's already fucked and I'm on top.
So everyone's just

[Kehlani:]
Ashes blowing in the air.
So what?
Our world's on fire, but we don't care.
We don't give a… no, no.
Wasted youth, always on the road,
Never looking back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold.
Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told.
We're going nowhere fast.

'Cause we're going no—, going no—
Going no—, going no—, going no—,
Going nowhere.
We're on the run of our lives.
Going nowhere fast.

[Eminem:]
You can't tell us nothing.
Hard-headed and we're stubborn.
So, one ear and out the other.
When we're young
We're on the run of our lives.

Who knows what the future for us could hold.
Another shooter. Uh oh.
No more tomorrow's. We're done.
And all we are is

[Kehlani:]
Ashes blowing in the air.
So what?
Our world's on fire, but we don't care.
We don't give a… no, no.
Wasted youth, always on the road,
Never looking back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold.
Fuck doing what you're told, what we're told.
We're going nowhere fast.

'Cause we're going no—, going no—
Going no—, going no—, going no—,
Going nowhere.
We're on the run of our lives.
Going nowhere fast.I sense someones tapping into my phones why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon
The F.B.I might be tryin to pull my file soon
I might be walking blind fold into a typhoon
I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky
Right outside of the window of my living room
And if they do you can say goodnight and bye bye to them itunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking deadman
Blank stare dead pan look as my face as I gaze into space
As I wait to be scooped up in that van
Mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gon' say a sniper just appeared out of no where
And I'll go down in the history as the blood sucking leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tryed to take the fifth amendment use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dying to fill out in the heros splinters (?)
The business way to end this I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of september 11
Flash back to september 7th
When Tupac was murdered in Vegas
He said that he predicted his own death
Let us never forget it or should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F Kennedy was assasinated in broad day
By a craze lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block in a library book depository
Where the President would go for a little friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know or do they?
Whos they for them to say Touch©
Where all vunerable and it's spooky
This is about as cookey as I've ever felt now
Count down to Nuclear Meltdown
7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
You can run you can do what you want to
But you know you aint gonna do nuttin
When its time its your time
You are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy Number 1Shady

[50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know

You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

Now homie I say I run it (run it) cause I'm in control
Hpnotic, Hennessey, a couple shots of Patron
I have you feeling aight, I get you high as a kite
Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight
I ain't shoulder leaning, I ain't snapping and popping
Either I'm bobbin my head or I'm just standing there watching
I'm a hustler I hustle, you can tell that I'm paid
And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade
Nigga you front you gon' get it, OK now maybe I said it
Cause I want you to triddy, yeah I be on that shitty
You should see when I'm stunting, I flash the stones to be wanting
Push the whip, see me rolling, you can tell that I'm holding
I'm just doing my thang, you know the Unit's the game
I got my grimy Shady with me you front you'll have to get me off your ass
I pay the lawsuit and laugh (haha)
It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash (let's go)

[50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

[Eminem]
When me and Fif got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, mi nemesis es su nemesis
Same for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images
But this shit is new gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out
When there's beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out
If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it
And let it go to whoever's holding the most current beef on their shoulders
And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over
But tonight, we ain't coming here to beef with nobody
We came to party, Banks, Ca$his and Mr. Ferrari
So it's Shady, Aftermizath, back in that ass, you wizzass
Come hizzon, what kinda fuzukin' quizition is that?

[50 Cent, Eminem]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
I say you know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

[Ca$his]
Pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay
Slumped over bleeding J.F.K
HK to your chest plate cave
I'mma ride to the death, do you rep that way?
Forever I'mma be a Shady 7-4 gangsta
Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber
I thrive off of danger, jumping in all beef
You keep talking shit now the squad called me

[Lloyd Banks]
Enough holding back the steam, Em let off a magazine
Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Ca$his creams
Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see
Telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fucking G
I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static
And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walking bitch magnet
Spit it how I live it, live it all the way to the limit
And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it?

[50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?

[Tony Yayo]
You know who this is
Shady, G-Unit, Aftermath
Lloyd Banks, Ca$his, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F-50
It's a movement, you can't stop it
Talk of New York, Tony YayoTay Keith, fuck these niggas up!
Yeah

[Eminem:]
Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
Daybed, iPod
"May-back", Maybach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Payless, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, icebox

That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, when we're on it (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!)

[Royce Da 5'9":]
I don't do Jordans and Audemars
I do explosions and Molotovs
Y'all blowin' smoke as if y'all ain't washed
I blow the smoke from the car exhaust
Flyin' to a party I am not invited to, feelin' like the streets need me
I ain't gotta dance long as my Ferrari Spyder move like C Breezy
I don't gotta hire goons
I'd rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely
The sky is blue, the tires are new
The Maserati white and cool like G-Eazy
While these dudes tryna figure out
How to do a freestyle as fly as me
I'm confused tryna figure out how to do Kapri Styles and Mya G
Everybody doin' chick joints
Probably rob these little dudes at fist point
Remember everybody used to bite Nickel
Now everybody doin' Bitcoin
We don't got nothin' in common (no)
We don't got nothin' in common (no)
Y'all into stuff like doubled-up Styrofoam cups
On them uppers-and-downers (woo!)
I'm into stuff like doublin' commas
Find me a brother who's solid
To count the shit up and then bust the shit down
When the cops hit us up, we can flush the shit down
We can not give a fuck, shit, a fuckin' colonic
Sellin' your cock and your butt for a follower
Possible couple of dollars you powder sniff
Now you're slippin', call it a power trip, a product of politics
Y'all went from profit and toppin' the charts
To dropped in the park in a pile of shit
Knowledge is power, but powerless
If you've got it and you do not acknowledge it
Y'all music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it
Hirin' strippers, prostitutes retirin'
We can spit it for ya advance
I'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in Prince pants
You niggas—

[Eminem:]
Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
Daybed, iPod
"May-back", Maybach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Payless, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, icebox

That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, when we're on it (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us

You say you're affiliated with murderers, killas (ayy!)
The people you run with are thuggin' (gang!)
But you just a wannabe gunna (gang!)
Like you was gonna do somethin'
Actin' like you catchin' bodies (ayy!)
And you got juice, lil youngin, you buggin'
You ain't never even been charged in connection with battery
Bitch, you ain't plugged in to nothin'
Rap God spit lyrical bullets (pew!)
And gats cock, your partners better tool up
This has not to do with muscular
But have guns for sure, you better put a
Strap on, other words if you're gonna
Roll up with your (gang!) you're gon' need a arsenal
'Cause this bar is over your head
So you better have arms if you're gonna pull up (skrrt!)
Oh, you run the streets, huh?
Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh?
This little cock-sucker, he must be feelin' himself
He wants to keep up his tough demeanour
So he does a feature, decides to team up with N9na
But next time you don't gotta use Tech N9ne
If you wanna come at me with a sub, Machine Gun
And I'm talkin' to you
But you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly
I don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneak-diss
But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie
I keep on telling you motherfuckers
But just in case you forgot really and need Ja memories
Jarred like strawberry or pineapple, apricot jelly
I respond rarely, but this time Shady 'bout to sound off
Like a fuckin' cocked semi-Glock demi-god
Let me put a fuckin' silencer on this little
Non-threatening blond fairy cornball takin' shots at me
You're not ready, fool, break yourself like Rock Steady Crew
Obviously, I'm not gettin' through
We can get it poppin' like Redenbach, lettin' off like Remy Ma
Heavy artillery, Godzilla, harsh with a hard shell
With a motherfucking heart bigger than Bizarre's belly
Only time you'll ever say I lost
You'll be talkin' 'bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy
Just to try to get me off, and you better hope I don't call Trick Trick
Bitch, this shit don't fly in our city
Punk, you don't disrespect OGs, R.I.P. Prodigy
Sold Dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me
That I'll be the most hated, though made it
So that there's no shame, it's okay to own it
'Cause life is a bitch, she's a bow-legged ho
But now those days are over
I Harvey Weinstein a bathrobe hanging open
My code name is groper, I role play with lotion
I fuck the whole world then I throw away the Trojan
Old lederhosen with home-made explosives
I blow eighty holes in you
Don't make me go in, I OJ the flows and
I'm insult to injury, Rolaids to Goldman
I'm throat spray and Motrin, I throated Nicole
As they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin'
I double-edge sword it 'cause one place I poke and
I stick and I turn in a rotating motion
Invincible with the pen, I'm at the pinnacle of sick individuals
Stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal
I'm fuckin' these syllables, I let 'em lick on my genitals
I'm a fucking invincible, indefensible, despicable, difficult prick
A little bit unpredictable, I spit the formidable
That you bitches fuckin' with, the original
I consider me and Nickel identical, but not us
The only thing we have in common is I'm a dick and you suck
Otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other
None come close to skunk, bug, soldier
Tongue, shrub, shoulder, one month older
Sponge, mug, folder, nun, rug, holster
Lug nut, coaster, lung, jug, roaster
Young Thug poster, unplugged toaster!

That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, when we're on it (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us
(Man, fuck this shit, let's go)(Fack) Okay
(Fack) How do I say this? 
(fack, fack, fack)
Last year didn't work out so well for me
(fack, fack, fack) (fack last year)
(Fack) (Last year can eat a dick!)
2018, well (fack, fack)

Yeah, I'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything
You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing
I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G "Duck Alert"
Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bedsheet and the comforter
Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass
I'll ride through your cul-de-sac
Window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks
You-you collab on a referent rap, I-I have never said his raps
O-overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap
And ruined your welcome mat
So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it
While I teabag the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it
Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment
Headed right at opponents and I'm the fuckin' pilot that flown it
I'm 'bout to—

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

I turned to rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't (wasn't)
From the moment I heard rappers cussin', I was in (was in)
Which is why I identify with the guy
Who I was invented by, Dre's Frankenstein
Energized like a nine volt, ice cold
Like Snake Eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll
But if the only reason I blowed is 'cause I'm white though
Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (ooh)
Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note
Here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me
'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone
I don't think this typhoon's lettin' up any time soon, here I go
Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout to—

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all should've let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

Smash
Kamikaze, kamikaze
Kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze
take a look at what I've done

I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing
There is no way we ever air that shit again, I guarantee that 
wait that shit was so ass it's somethin' we wouldn't dare re-air it
Shit's embarrassing, as me rear-ending Tara Reid bare
In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher
Each nut is the chair width of an Acorn stairlift beware of me
Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
Richard Ramirez is here, serial killin' every beat there is

Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin'
Somethin' evil is lurkin', I'm no conspiracy theorist
But somethin' here is afoot—oh yeah, it's my dick
Get the measuring stick (what?), twelve inches of wood
Wait, but I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert
And I've come to pay respects
'Cause if you sleep you're fucked—other words, you get laid to rest
And I hope your butt is hurt
Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book
You got some views, but you're still below me
Mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook
And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth
And you know I've always spoke the truth
You're lyin' through your teeth so much you broke a tooth
And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do
When I say I can't wait 'til I get ahold of you
And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do
Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot[Chorus]
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Hollywood}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Why do I feel this way}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

[Verse 1]
I thought I had it all figured out, I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself, it's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell, to catch me
The minute shit was heated she just bailed
i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 2]
Bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look
At nothin', this world's too much
I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would, and end it for good
Just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should, these problems are piling all at once
Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think i'm bottomin' out
But i'm not about to give up, I gotta get up
Thank God, I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father
So not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad
Cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass, man
If you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans, when I tell 'em i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 3]
I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats
If I scrap, i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass
I love my fans
But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is whack
This is more than I ever could of asked
everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask
What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that
It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped
If I could go back, I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein',
everything blow up and all you did was just grow
up emceeing
It's fuckin' crazy
Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
But instead I forced us to live alienated, so i'm sayin'...

[CHORUS]

[Outro]
Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood, {Goodbye},
please don't cry for me, when i'm gone for good,
{this shit is not for me},
so goodbye, goodbye Hollywood,
{i'm not a fuckin' star},
please don't cry for me, when I'm gone for good,
{i'm goin' back home}...Tell myself that I was doing alright
There's nothing left to do tonight
But go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you

Can't you see what you do to me baby?
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac.
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You're truly the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy.

I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic
One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex
You make me crazy,
The way we act
Like two maniacs in the sack
We fuck like two jackrabbits
And maybe that's a bad habit.

'Cause the next day we're right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us?
We can't figure out if it's lust or it's love
What's that that's attracting us to each other?
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother.

Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today
But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just 'cause I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you.

But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's, baby,
Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am
'Cause when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side.

Like a devil in disguise,
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devices
Out your purse: little vibrators and dildoes
You fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymore
You're only twenty-four but you're plenty more mature
Than those other little hoes
Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still
You're crazy sexy cool,

Chilling you play your position
You never step out of line
Even though I stay in your business
You've always kept out of mine.

I wonder what's on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see the sign.

Or maybe you did
Maybe you like being shoved
Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love

Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on you

You are the ink to my paper
What my pen is to my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap.

You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existence
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit this
As intense as I do and the irony
Is you rely on me as much
As I rely on you to inspire me like you do.

You provide me the lighter fluid
You're fuel to my fire
You're my entire supply
Gas, the match and igniter.

The only way that I am able
To stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face.

But I'm always gonna make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage.

But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be.

You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Alaina to my Hailie.

You are the word that I'm looking for when
I'm trying to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind.

You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half,
The wife who never divorced me.

You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you
Before you beat the shit out me.

And no matter how much
Too much is never enough
Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love

Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on youI own a mansion but live in a house
A king-size bed, but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mister Bright Side, glass is half-full
But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew

This always happens
Thirty minutes from home gotta lay a log cabin, only option I have's McDonald's' bathroom
In a public stall droppin' a football so every time someone walks in the John I get Maddened
"Shady, what up?" What? Come on, man, I'm crappin'
And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
Oh, that's odd, I just happened
To run out of tissue, yeah, hand me that on second thought I'd be glad then
"Thanks dog. Name's Todd, a big fan" I
Wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad threw it back and
Told 'im, "Todd, you're the shit." When's all of this crap end?
Can't pump my gas without causin' an accident
Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash
Without someone passin' through my sub harassin'
I'd count my blessings but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow than bask, suffering succotash, but the ant-
Acid it gives my stomach gas
When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed
Potatoes, so what hoe kiss my country bumpkin ass
Missouri southern roots, what the fuck is upper class?
Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper, Tupperware in the cupboard plastic ware up the ass
Stuck in the past iPod what the fuck is that?
B-Boy to the core, mule, I'm a stubborn ass

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And "life's been good to me so far"

They call me classless I heard that
I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned forty and still sag
Teenagers act more fuckin' mature Jack
Fuck you gonna say to me? I'll leave on my own terms ass
Hole I'm going berserk, my nerves are bad
But I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people look at her, dag
Her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged and I heard she drag-races [burp] swag
Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick (yeah) word skag
We'd be the perfect match, 'cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag
My apologies
No disrespect to technology
But what the heck's all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda
Be an expert at computers?
I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica
Hell with PlayStation, I'm still on my first man on some Zelda
Nintendo, bitch! Run, jump, punch, stab, and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti put it on bread make a sandwich with Welch's
And belch, they say this spray butter's bad for my health,
But I think this poor white trash from the trailer
Jed Clampett, Fred Sanford and welfare, mentality helps to
Keep me grounded, that's why I never take full advantage of wealth
I managed to dwell
Within these parameters
Still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper
I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt a
Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves, God damn it to hell
I can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I could yell the
Other day someone got all elaborate
And stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma's catching up with me

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And "life's been good to me so far"

Got friends on Facebook all over the world
Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
So, I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up but the frame is all cracked

I'm tryin' to be low-key, hopefully nobody notices me
In produce, hunched over, giant nose bleed
Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle, by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova the show's over, I'm hidin' in Kroger buyin' groceries
He just had front-row seats told me to sign his poster then insults me
"Wow up close didn't know you had crow's feet!"
I'm at a crossroads, lost, still shopping at Costco's
Sloppy Joe's, bulk waffles
Got caught pickin' my nose (aaghh!) look over see these two hot hoes
Finger still up one of my nostrils
Right next to 'em, stuck at the light the fuckin' shit's
Takin' forever to change, it's stuck these bitches are lovin' it
Rubbin' it in, chucklin'
Couldn't do nothin' play it off "What you bumpin'?"
"Trunk Muzik, Yelawolf's better", fuckin' bitch
They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it
The pressure, they want me to follow up with a
Nother one after Recovery was so highly coveted
But what good is a fuckin' recovery if I fumble it?
'Cause I'mma drop the ball if I don't get a grip, hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivision
To fuck with, bitch, quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids
I love my city,
But you pushed me to the limit. What a pity
The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky, and it's rainin' out
Kool-Aid stain on the couch, I'll never get it out
But, bitch, I got an elevator in my house, ants and a mouse
I'm livin' the dream

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And "life's been good to me so far"[Eminem:]
Here we go again from heroes to villains
Used to be your Romeo but we both were jilted
A couple of times, so we had a slippery slope to deal with
But still it gave me hope that we'll get
Through it together, a severed earlobe
Mailed to you in an E-N-V-elope would be dope
But what kind of lengths can you go?
Pull a Vincent van Gogh, just to convince a damn ho
To be a housewife who outright lies
She's blackout drunk, now she's backin' out my drive
I ran outside, why's she tryna act out?
She's just about my size, hit me in the mouth twice
Guys, when someone you'd die for
Sticks a steak knife in your heart, do you try more?
Another late night in, she stumbles through my door
Lets the daylight in and all we do's fight more
And I ain't violent, but she's goin' through my drawers
To plant the K-Y in; I'm gettin' accused by a whore
Who smells like St. Ides and who's probably screwed five more
Guys, sucked eight/nine men
I'm takin' two-by-fours to our eight-by-tens
Bitch it's you I tore out the frame, I win
Put up a new high score, beat this game I'm in
And here's some two-ply for when you date my friends
In order to wipe your ass when you moved your bowels
When we renewed our vows, this the thanks I get?
I'm waitin' for the day I can
Hear you say, "Marshall, what a skank I've been!
And there's a new guy, you're being replaced by him"
Got your tubes tied for him, got that boob job for him
Hurts me to my core, but the pain I'm in
After you, I swore to make the gray skies end
Here come the rays, like when you get a pay hike and
Am I the good guy or do I just play like him
And hope that he dumps you?
It's like a dream come true, just to scream "Fuck you!"
Guess you take life in the same way you play dice then
'Cause you just look at me and roll them little snake eyes in
Since

[Jessie Reyez:]
Since you bought the jury, they'll call me guilty, they'll call me guilty
You bought the jury, they'll call me guilty, even though you know the real me
You can't beat a cheater, convince a nonbeliever
And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out but I let you say that you're the good guy
'Cause this ain't what love looks like
You can't beat a cheater, convince a nonbeliever
I ain't in my feelings, I'm out but I let you say that you're the good guy
They like, "You're the good guy," they like, they like
They like, "You're the good guy"[Intro]
[Eminem making sounds:]
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa

Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright Stop!.....Pajama time

[Verse 1]
Come here little kiddies, On my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything, but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it?
Give a little "poot poot", it's OK! [Fart Sound]
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 2]
Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body

Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah)
Now, what's your name girl?
What's your sign?
[Dr Dre] "Man, you must be up out your mind"
DRE! (AH-AH)
Beer Goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 3]
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt naked
Down the street screaming
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Well I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said, "Save it, boy we gotcha you on tape
yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!'"

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie!
Fella's (WHAT?!) Fella's (WHAT?!)
Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?)
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go (AH-AH-AH-AH)
It's so appeasin'

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Outro]
UmMmMmm touch my body
UmMmMmm touch my body
Ooh boy just touch my body
I mean girl just touch my bodyPeople! It feels so good to be back
Ladies and gentleman, introducing the new and improved you know who

Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push
No friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese
I'm a pitbull off his leash
All this peace talk can cease
All these people I had to leave in limbo
I'm back now
I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple
Can-I-Bitch don't want no beef with Slim?
No!
Not even on my radar
So won't you please jump off my dick
Lay off and stay off
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from seance to seance
Aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

Let your hair down to the track
Yeah kick on back
Boo!
The boogie monster of rap
Yeah the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration
Mush the Senate's face and push this generation
Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say something you might not like
This white hot light
That I'm under
No wonder
I look so sunburnt
Oh no
I won't leave no stone unturned
Oh no I won't leave
Won't go nowhere
Do-si-do
Oh, yo, ho, hello there
Oh yeah don't think I won't go there
Go to Beirut and do a show there
Yeah you laugh 'til your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted
While you're at band camp thinkin' that crap can't happen
Till you fuck around
Get an anthrax napkin
Inside a package wrapped in saran Wrap wrapping
Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping
Fuckin' assassins hi-jackin' Amtraks crashing
All this terror America demands action
Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'
To join the army or what you'll do for their Navy
You just a baby
Gettin' recruited at eighteen
You're on a plane now
Eating their food and their baked beans
I'm 28
They gonna take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When I say Hussein you say Shady
My views ain't changed still Inhumane
Wait
Arraigned two days late
The date's today
Hang me!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove
that boosts me
Nothin' boosts me more
Or suits me beautifully
There's nothin' you can do to me
Stab me
Shoot me
Psychotic
Hypnotic, product I got the antibiotic
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God I talk a lot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la
oochie walla walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta
Keep movin'
There's more music to make
Keep makin' new shit
Produce hits to break
the monotony
What's gotten into me?
Drugs, rock and Hennessy
Thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies
On your knees
Got you under siege
Somebody you would give a lung to be hungry
Like a fuckin' younger me
Fuck the fee
I can get you jumped for free
Yeah buddy
Laugh it's funny
I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing
I'm past bluffing
Pass the K-Y
Let's get ready for some intense
serious ass fucking!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

Dr. Dre. wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me
X to the Z wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me
Can-I-Bitch won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch, won't square dance with me
Canada-bis, don't want no parts of me
Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with youI got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed
When the world gives you a raw deal
Sets you off 'til you scream, "Piss off! Screw you!"
When it talks to you like you don't belong
Or tells you you're in the wrong field
When something's in your mitochondrial
'Cause it latched on to you, like—

Knock knock, let the devil in
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
This medicine's screamin', "L-L-L-Let us in!"
L-L-L-Like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe
Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin'
Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent
Of elephant manure—hell, I meant Kahlúa
Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants
And blew up my-my-myself again
Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
Mayo and went from Hellmann's and being rail thin
Filet-o-Fish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik
How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida
Proof's room slept on the floor of the motel then
Dr. Dre said "hell yeah!"
And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man
And I know they're gonna hate
But I don't care, I barely can wait
To hit them with the snare and the bass
Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced
Because they're gonna taste my—

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen
Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one
It-it's evident I'm not done
V-Venomous, the thoughts spun
Like a web and you just caught in 'em
Held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
Beat strangler attack
So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
Eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track
Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick
Threw the car into reverse at the Indy, a nut crashin'
Into ya, the back of it just mangled steel
My Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill
With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi (Gandhi)
Translation, I will probably kill us both
When I end up backin' into ya
You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to you
When you're bit with the—

Venom, adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Alien, E-E-Elliott phone home
Ain't no telling when this chokehold
On this game will end, I'm loco
Became a Symbiote, so
My fangs are in your throat, ho
You're snake-bitten with my—venom
With the ballpoint pen I'm
Gun cocked, bump stock, double-aught, buckshot
Tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
Fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
Punk rock, bitch, it's goin' down like Yung Joc
'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock
Why the fuck not, you only get one shot
Ate shit 'til I can't taste it
Chased it with straight liquor
Then paint thinner, then drank 'til I faint
And awake with a headache
And I take anything in rectangular shape
Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to
'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you
So escapin' me is impossible
I latch onto you like a—parasite
And I probably ruined your parents' life
And your childhood too
'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on
I'm responsible for you retarded fools
I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to
You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you
And I'm the suit, so call me—

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)[INTRO]
I'm a little nutty and I know it
but if you go back and
take a look at my history
you will see that I'm
not the only one who's off his rocker
there were many before me 
I was always labelled
the black sheep of the family what a bad seed I
grow to be but if you take a look
at us now you'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree

[VERSE 1]
(haha) alright, look
I'ma tell you the story
from my side maybe you'll understand check it out 
you done witnessed
unexplainable shit
too insane to explain
people run from what
the just don't get
maybe Shady shoulda
just hit 'em with a little bit
did I spit too soon?
Should I of spoon fed 'em it?
but I was just so eager
to prove I was even worth
being in the same
league or the room with of the people
of whom I was in every now and then I
look up like I was seeking approval
was it because of the
pigment of my skin
or was it a figment of
my imagination
maybe it bothered me
more than it did them
maybe it wasn't a big
deal back then
but to me it was, see
what it was was
I had developed the
complex from being judged
Proof spit his verse,
now I'm next, let's see who
I'm in the booth
staring back to see who's mugs
I get a reaction from,
usually the first thumb was from
Proof
and the rest of the
group backed him up
and no one lied to
each other cause none of us had deals
it was real, we just
wanted tickets for that meal

[CHORUS]
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree

[VERSE 2]
Ever since my mother
was pregnant
with her second egg
cause she said
that I had a baby sister
who fell out of the window
I was too young to remember
Kansas City projects
I was like 5, 6, and how come
I remember Malcolm,
Isaac, and Boogie
if it was the projects in Missouri?
cause those're my best
friends until Isaac
took my tricycle and
my uncle Todd went to try to go get it back
and ended up getting
jumped and cut in the gut with a
switch and 70-some stitches
which is still, to this day
why my mother still
tries to show me some old fake picture
of a fictitious little
sister who never existed and this is why part of
my life's so twisted
but I can never be as
sick as that bitch is
and, by the way, that
picture's one of my relatives

[CHORUS] 
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree

[VERSE 3]
You probably have to
peel back layers upon layers of
pain to see why everything
I say is so insane
what's different about my brain that separates me
from other players in this game? on the surface, it may
seem like a scheme or some sort of scam
for me to get some damn sympathy
but that's the last thing
I need is for people
to walk around feeling
sorry for me (me)
and I'm not a G, never
claimed to be
I gave my vest to
Cashis,
he'll need it more than me
but we'll see, cause we ain't lookin' for beef
but if it comes our
way, what do we, turn the other
cheek? come on

[CHORUS]
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree[Intro - Spoken:]
Yo, I can't sing but
I feel like singin'
I wanna fuckin' sing
'Cause I'm happy

Yeah, I'm happy
Ha Ha
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out

[Verse 1 - Sung:]
Some days I sit starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry

Sometimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy, oh, so crazy
Why am I here, am I just wasting my time?

But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes

[Chorus:]
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

[Verse 2 - Sung:]
My baby girl [Hailie laughs] keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes 'cause they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side

I act like shit don't phase me,
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive

But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh, no.

[Chorus:]
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

[Verse 3 - Rapped:]
Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't [*want her* backwards]
Now you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packing drug-addict who bags on his mama,
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul,
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breaking.
Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself,
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, could've had someone else
But the years that I've wasted are nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin':
3 felonies, 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman,
I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I should've seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in?
Would've ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie
So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted

[Chorus:]
And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me

[Outro - Spoken:]
Woo!
I told you I can't sing
Oh well, I tried
Hailie, 'member when I said
If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?
Guess what?
Daddy's here
And I ain't goin' nowhere baby
I love you! [*kiss*][Eminem]
There's not much you could do or say to phase me
People think I'm a little bit crazy
I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll
Have to step in every once in a while to save me
To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think
A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me
If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me
I maybe a little too fast paced and racy
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times
cuz I say so many rhymes, it may seem like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing
And I could give a fuck what category you place me
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z
For every single die hard fan who embraced me
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me
Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me
In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me
It only made me what I am today, see
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me
You ain't gonna make or break me
Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening
Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me
You had all this time to think about it
Now don't pussy out and try to about face me
Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day
That we finally meet in the same place to see

[Chorus x2 - Nate Dogg]
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many MC's I eat up
Ooh ooh, it's never enough

[50 Cent]
My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it
Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split
The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it
I spot my target, blaze it, direct hit
Graze it, your peace talk, save it
You shit sounds dated, you're overrated
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers
If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse
Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy?
I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic
My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it
Chew it or pop it, roll a bag or chop it
Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it
When it's hot, it's hot
Your hatin' is undeniable, stop it

[Chorus x2]I'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought
I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog
Night club, shit, I was taught if your CD's on fire
You had to put it out yourself like Highland Park, no fire department
So you might not hear sirens at all
But don't be alarmed if I sound off
Something just ain't right with me, dawg
A martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder?
Widely regarded highly, bite me, sweetheart, I'm slightly retarded
But tonight I'm starting shit, I'm feeling self righteous
I might just hop in a mosh pit on some Mike Tyson and Pac shit
Looking to box with anybody, disorderly conduct
I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith
Fan of the LOX, bananas, manic, I'm going in shock
Frantic, I'm trapped in a closet
Panic attack cause I'm claustrophobic
No, faggot, I mean I can't maneuver from movement
Cause I have no room for improvement
I'm practically squashed, unpacked it and boxed it
Toxic, hands are arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content
Bar exam, start of insanity
Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson
Animal snarls, cannibal jaws
Shark mandibles, lambs to the slaughter
Looking scamp as Hannibal stalking
Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets
Black out, Zach Galifianakis, gallons of Vodka
But that gal has some knockers
I bet you they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious
What happened, doc? I passed out again
Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked
Stole a Magnum box and bag Cirocs in back of a Datsun
Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics
Too close to the StairMaster
Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it
Woke up shortly thereafter, hungover
No underwear, grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it
Air Max in my closet, preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich
And the cross stitching is a cross mixing
Of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin
Fin Dockers, OshKoshes, drop crotches
Swatch watches and sneakers matches with the Parkers
But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym
With all these trainers, but I don't have any boxers
And I'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted
Like paper you write raps on, obnoxious
Yo, why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils?
Fuck that, I'll battle 'em all, I'll battle a mall
I’ll stand there and yell that at a wall
Until the mannequin doll scatter and the inanimate objects
That I'm battering all shatter and fall
Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped
I'mma spark plug, I'm like the car with the cables hooked up to my fucking back, I'm a Duracell
But I sure as hell got it backwards cause y'all could get jumped
And I'd catch the battery charge, but
I got a hunch like your back when it's arching
When I start attacking your squadron
You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging
So take a swipe at me, I'm coming straight at you
Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers
So get the sack of Wisconsin
That's nutbag that I'm talking, who am I kidding?
You faggots are all gonna do my bidding
Don't get dragged to the auction
Neiman Marcus, bags of Vuitton and all
I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic, just watch this
Stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass
See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave
In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping
Affable guy next door is laughable
My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms
That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor
No emotion hence I guess this sick prick dies hard
I got a Magic Johnson
It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me
If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out
Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me
I'll laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me
Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around
And all I see is Paulie Malign now, she's slaughterhouse in a blouse
And Madonna with mud on her, God dammit I am misogynist
I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony
Just so happens she's fond of algae
Cause now she's faceplants on the concrete
Complete lack of responsibility
Half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit
Shit, you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop
But I let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy
Klepto, I'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now
Five-finger discount
Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit, it's easy
Kidnapping your mom cause I'm still in this bitch, thievery
Ransom for JonBenét Ramsey, Chandra Levy, and Gary Condit
("Em") Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde
I might relapse, get on some bullshit
Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson
Macklemore, Mac Miller and Asher Roth
And have some back and forths
And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's "Control" verse
And perform "Fack" in concert
["Fack" plays]
Yo, I put that shit on a greatest hits album
Now that was awesome
It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that
Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like
(I'll stick around)
And put up with my crap so long for
What's the attraction, mama?
Is it the fact that I'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre
Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama?
Who knows at this point, it's always poking so meh
Still get along with this voice cause that's the monster
So do-si-do with a sociopath, everyone who knows me knows that
What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio, meh
She loves the way I lie
Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow
Pathological liar, oh, why am I such an asshole
That my disguise is pants, but they on fire
So am I-a, wooh, Cappadonna, cut the track off (fart sound)
Sabotage Christmas, crap in your stocking
I'm wrapping up all the presents
In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em
Jack Santa Claus, snap Rudolph's antlers off
Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him
Blowing the head gasket at Bed, Bath and Beyond
Put the basket back while the bath salt packets are gone, I
Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier
But classic rock acid rap is the genre
Got Slash on guitar, splashing Bizarre, Thrasher and Aerosmith
And I'm a spectacular archer, feed count Dracula Chocula
Godzilla, half dragon and Bob Dylan
Bandwagoners, I'm kicking the damn stragglers off and I'm strangling 'em
Smack Kim Basinger on a ass....[Hook - X Ambassadors:]
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition
It's what you're suffering from
When you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning
And you can't see the bitch’s hair is frizzing
Cause you got the windows up
Blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prizm
The devil ain't on a level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him giving an adjective an ass whooping
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs
Like they did something to me personally
Used to get bullied, so I'd cut class and ditch it
Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it)
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground, still can’t tell em a-part
Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud
To shop at K-Mart and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I, still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin'
I don't give a fuck I don't play!
Bitch you think you saw this basket first?
You're ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape
Ripped a gaping hole in it
Flipped out, ripped down the drapes
Tied 'em around my neck
Went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped, fell straight down to the ground
Splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates
Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sashayed around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face
And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale or being gay little faggot
But by the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent J
It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face I'm insane
Every rhyme I say, sons you like an ultra violet ray
I’m selling hatred buffet style, all the shit you can eat
$11.99 so come on and pile a plate
I’m throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme I’m spittin' while I’m shittin' on competition
In the meantime it’s always mean time

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Eminem:]
I’ve been a career asshole
I don’t see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake
But I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish
Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
I’m coming to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong, the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
Cause that cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book
But I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'mma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed woulda caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion, my suggestion’s Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm running away with the game
It's cause I am, don't speculate, spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by with my wicked ways
Lady you can suck a dick til your neck aches
Cry til you get puffy eyes, red faced
But I'm leaving on this jet plane
You ain't fly, you're an airhead
And I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole, sorry another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage overhead space
Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words don't try to put your heart in a headcase
Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't
I need my meds, I peed my bed
I'm going blind, I don't see my legs
I keep on falling down, no wonder you can't stand me, I need my cane
Someone help me, I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind, you can see my pain
And you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut their P-I-E holes, now peep my game
Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it
Like a (like a) fucking (fucking)
Echo (echo)... (Psych) Psycho on a cyclone cycle
Spiraling, here I go, I`m outta control like no
Other mic go, stab you til' the knife goes - dull
I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
Coz I'mma sock it to you
Dyke ho, you don't like it
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so
Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro
And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole
Deeper, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go

[Hook]

[Outro - Eminem & Ken Kaniff:]
Ohh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty
Thank you, God
[Bathroom door opening, someone walks in]
Shit...
[Sounds of pissing and crapping]
Is that a girl?
[Ken Kaniff singing:]
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth
And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M
And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show
- Why do I know that voice?
Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
- Are you fucking serious?
So everybody, everybody
Circle jerk, touch my body
[Doors slam, screaming]
Who is that? Where are you going? Come back
Why does everyone always leave me?
Hello? Fuck you then
[Loud crapping noise]
Blow it out your ass[Verse 1]
So this is it...
This is what I wished for
Just isn't how I envisioned it
Famed to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'd be different
But something changed
The minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it
Smell it
Started sniffin' it
And it became my cocaine
I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit
Then it turned me (in) to a monster
I became a hypocrite
Concert after concert

I was raking in the dough
Rolling in green
Had the game hemmed up
Like a sewing machine
But I was losing my freedom
There was no where for me
To not go and be seen
And just go and be me
And there was no in-between
You either loved it or hate it

Every CD critics gave it a 3, then 3
Years later, they'd go back and re-rate it
And call the Slim Shady LP the greatest
The Marshall Mathers was a classic
The Eminem Show was fantastic
But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed, yet
A couple more years, that shit'll be ill-matic
And eight years later, I'm still at it
Divorce, re-married
A felon
A father
Sleeping pill addict
And this is real talk
I feel like the Incredible Hulk
My back has been broke, and I can still walk

[Chorus]
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold

I said

Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold

[Verse 2]
I got a letter from a fan, that said
He's been praying for me
Every day and for some reason
It's been weighing on my mind heavy
'Cause I don't read every
Letter I get, but something told me to go ahead and open it, but
Why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals
I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at
I've already told you at least

A thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer, but I've already got
God on my side
And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?
Just watchin' it from an opposite standpoint
Man, boy's got to look
Nuts
And that's the only word I can think of right now
On how
To describe the shit
This is like a vibe you get
Go ahead and bob to it
Just watch what you wish for, 'cause I got the shit

[Chorus]
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold

I said

Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold[Men singing:]
Jealous! [8X]

[Girls voice: (Talking over the singing)]
Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying?
He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying?
Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!!
He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick
I mean, What do I got to be jealous for?
He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time
He has no career move, I mean...

[Verse 1:]
I come home every single day from working double shifts
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me
It must be only just because you never learned to trust me
Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues
To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse
I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things
So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me
You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me
I used to love your company now you always bugging me 
For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me
So I'ma wait for your evacuation
Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
I recommend you take your things and check them in
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What?

[Chorus: Men Singing]
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy [8X]

[Women's Voice: (Talking over singing)]
Fuck you and what you going through
Fuck Eminem, he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man
Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money
Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang
Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night
Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about
Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy

[Verse 2:]
I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense
Until the day I started following your feetprints
And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents
It made complete sense, there's someone else you like 
So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike?
And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga** 
Someone rich that I could follow
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow
Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted
I fell apart when you departed then the joking started
I was an open target, you play comedian
And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again
And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife
All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife
He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now"
Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down
You run me down and now your trying to apologize
For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes
Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
Jealousy is in the house ya'll, Fellas sing it...

[Chorus: Men Singing]
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy [12X]And I started from the bottom
Like a snowman—ground-up
Like round chuck, and still put hands on you
Stayin' wound up is how I spend time (get it?)
Sucker free, confidence high
Such a breeze when I pen rhymes
I just got that air about me like wind chimes (yeah)
Another day in the life (uh)
Used to have to scrape to get by (yeah)
Now my community's gated and I
Made it and my neighbors say hi (say hi)
I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now
Guess it means I'm way in the sky (way in the sky)
But I still remember the days of
Minimum wage for general labor
Welfare recipient since a minor
Look how government assistance has made ya!
Adversity, if at first you don't succeed
Put your temper to more use
'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse
That should only give you more fuel
Show 'em why you're you
So close, God, it's like I almost got it
But close only counts in time, bombs and horseshoes
So I Unabomb shit—tick, tick, tick—no remorse, pew!
Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick
That's why they call me firecracker
I grew up on WIC—wick, wick, wick—with a short fuse
I got some important news to report to
Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite
Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours?

Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
I'll never quit, do you still believe in me?

Man, I know sometimes
These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice
To me they're just ink blots
I just fling 'em like slingshots and so precise
So you might wanna think it over twice (yeah)
When you retards can roll the dice
But beef will at least cost you your career
'Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced
But this middle finger's free as a bird
Nuke warhead at birth, hugest forehead on Earth
Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned
How to incorporate a curse
Point it towards corporate America
Stick a fork in and turn
'Cause four-letter words are more better heard
The world force-fed a turd to me, you're getting yours
But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it
I was there consolin' you when no one knew it
When your situation showed no improvement
I was that door, you walked over to it
I'm the light at the end of tunnel
So people are always lookin' to me as they're goin' through it
When that tunnel vision is unclear
Shit becomes too much to bear
Since "Cleanin' Out My Closet"
When I was havin' trouble with the snare
I'm that unrealistic prayer answered
And I'ma get you jacked up like you're tryna fix a flat, uh
When you struggle with despair
That double-fisted, bare-knuckles coupled with this pair
Of nuts I'm cuppin', I am your fuckin' switch, nothin' can compare

Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
I'll never quit, do you still believe in me?

Started from the bottom like a snowman
Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that
But my battery's low, I'ma need a boost to my pack
And I know that I always got Proof at my back
I called you "Proof" because I knew for a fact
My ace in the hole, homie, I'm callin' on you
'Cause I think I'm slowly startin' to lose faith in it, so
Give me that apron and mo–
–tivation to go, Hussein with the flow
Fake fans left you two-faced at the show
Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul
Layin' vocals two days in a row
True statement, hate to go down this road
But there's only one route to cross this bridge
So I walk in this bitch with loose change
'Cause all my dues paid, but this booth's takin' its toll
But it's never too late to start a new beginnin'
That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon' do?
Use the tools you're given!
Or you're gon' use the cards you're dealt
As an excuse for you to not do shit with 'em?
I used to play the loser/victim
'Til I saw the way Proof was driven
I found my vehicle and I haven't ran out of gas yet
And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets
Fanny packs, hourglasses
If time was on my side, I'd still have none to waste
Man, in my younger days
That dream was so much fun to chase
It's like I'd run in place
While this shit dangled in front of my face
But how do you keep up the pace
And the hunger pangs once you've won the race?
When that dual exhaust is coolin' off
'Cause you don't got nothin' left to prove at all
'Cause you done already hit 'em with the coup de grâce
Still you feel the need to go full tilt
That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill
When that wheel's loose, I won't lose will
Do you still believe?[Mr. Mackey] [Eric Cartman]
And everyone should get along..
Okay children quiet down, quiet down
Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children quiet down please
Brian don't throw that (SHUT UP!)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute 
while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (HE'S GOT AIDS!)
Good luck Mr. Shady

[Eminem]
Hi there little boys and girls (FUCK YOU!)
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi Bob! ("Hi Bob") Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
and he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
but his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
and wait in the parkin lot for waitresses off the clock
when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (AHH!)
And even if they escaped and they got the cops
the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge
'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a "Dr."
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her
and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander
they never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana, 
and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you 

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)
Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Eminem]
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
FUCK NO you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?)
Speakin of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back
Meet Zach, twenty-one years old 
After hangin out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys
and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive
and his eyes roll back in his skull {*blblblblblb*} 
His back starts tah - look like the McDonald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal barfin {*BLEH*}
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!"
cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over
and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
And there's really nothin else to say (but umm)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Eminem]
And last but not least, one of the most humungous
problems among young people today, is fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off, 
bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em..
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?)
Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair
(Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?)
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus
Ya tongue gets, all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!!)
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!)
But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D.
They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee
and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 
cause I'm bad for you

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (uh-huh)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (put that down)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can ask)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (and she will)
So kids say no to drugs (say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do)
And there's really nothin else to say (that's right)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Mr. Mackey] [Eric Cartman]
Come on children, clap along (SHUT UP!)
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!)
so there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny! *fart* Ewww, ahhh!)
(So, fucked up, right now..)You fucking groupie, pick up the goddamn phone.

Bitch, where the fuck were you Tuesday? With who you say?
I wasn't at the studio, bitch, what'cha do screw Dre?
You went there looking for me? Boo that excuse is too lame
Keep playin' me, you gon' end up with a huge goose egg
You fake lyin' slut you never told me you knew Drake
And Lupe? you wanna lose two legs?
You tryin' to flip this on me? If I spent more time with you, you say
OK, yeah and I'm coo-coo, ay?
Well screw you and I'll be the third person who screwed you today
Oh, fourth- Dre, Drake, Lupe oohm touche
Well you're too two-faced for me thought you was my number one true blue ace
But you ain't
And I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face
'Cause I'm hangin' up this phone, boo you make my fuckin' blue tooth ache
You feelin' blue, too late
Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate

My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better

Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink
Hop on the freeway, tryin' to get some time alone and just think
Till the cops pulled me over but they let me go 'cause I told 'em I'm only drivin' drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink
I'm back on my fuck hoe's, with a whole new hatred for blondes
But bias? I hate all bitches the same, baby come on
Excuse the pun but bitch is such a 'broad' statement and I'm
Channelin' my anger through every single station that's on
'Cause a woman broke my he-art I say he-art
'Cause she ripped it in two pa-arts and threw it in the garbage
Who you think you a-are bitch?
Guess it's time for me to get the dust off and pick myself up off the carpet
But I'll never say the L word again
I lo-lo-lo-lo lesbian
Aaahhh I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life'd be so much better if you just

My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better

'Cause you told me you'd love me forever bitch that was a lie
Now I never wanted someone to die so bad in my fuckin' life
But fuck it there's other fish in the sea

And I'm a have a whale of a time being a single sailor
For the night, bitch on a scale a
One to ten shit I must be the holy grail of
Catches hoe I got an Oscar attached to my fuckin' name (dayla)
I might hit the club find a chick that's tailor
Made for me say fuck it kick some shots back git hammered and nail her
These bitches tryin' get attached but there failin' to latch onto the tail of
My bumper they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer
Like I'm itchin' to get hitched, yeah I'm rich as a bitch
But bitches ain't shit I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me that's what I call pitchin' a bitch
That's why I'm swingin' at these chicks on-site
Long as I got a bat and two balls it's 'foul' but my dicks on 'strike'
So all that love shit is null and void, bitch I'm a droid
I avoid Cupid stupid. Wasn't for blow jobs you'd be unemployed
Oye, yoy-yoy
Man oh, man your boy-boy-boy's
Gettin' sick of these girls-girls-girls, oink oink oink
You fuckin' pigs all you're good for is doink doink doink
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of 'em, I need a machine gun
I'll take 'em all out, I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
Have a heart attack and just
Drop dead and I'm a throw a fuckin' party after this
'Cause, yes...

My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better

I'm just playin' bitch, you know I love you[intro]
[laughing]
ay yo 50
what i tell you
we aint even have to say shit
they did it
[laughing]

[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum

[body]
it doesnt take much
for me to raise such a stink up
when motherfuckers hate your guts
you aint even gotta say much
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers
like smearing blood stains with a paint brush
i cant explain what it is my brain does
but however it works its insane
its plain nutz
and it aint just my brain thas dangerous
its a whole combination of things
it takes nutz
and im not affriad to raise the stakes up
i got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks
for anybody who gets on the track and spanks us
im patiently waiting for the day
im anxious
to see the look on ya fake mugs
when you thugs go bankrupt
ya drunk
ya aint tough
whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas
this is me talking motherfucker
this aint drugs
you wanna pop, shit wake-up, then make-up
FUCK THAT
its too late chump now face up
i pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay does
opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
so i can blow the fuckin dust off of this chainsaw
and give him the surgery that he came for
till i pull the paint off
i never been shot
but i think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth
cause ive always came off
like ja's chain
when they try to rush him and lost
and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
i dont stop
the only thing i wait for
is day that i dont gotta report to probate court
cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more
cause ive been holding my tounge till i got a sprained jaw
alot of rappers on my list that just aint ja
and ima read that motherfucker off from april
you pussies think i went soft since 8 mile
when i come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls
trust me

[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum

[outro]
fuckin dummies
this aint chess
ya playin motherfuckin checkers
this shit is all day man its too easy
we playin chess you playin checkers
you bout to get ya motherfuckin asses jumped
fucking punks
and by the way
we aint just talking to one person
we talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it cause we bringin it to anybody who wants to bring it
so bring it
dot pick up the ball if you dot wanna pay man
its all fucked up now
the fuck im spose to do now?
huh?
the fuck im spose to do?
haha
yo, we outYeah, hahahaha...whooooo, shit!
Aight, guess what? I ain't coming in yet...
I'll come in a minute
Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this

Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark
(fuckin' faggot)
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk

And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall

And everything's spinning
You're beginnin' to think women
Are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes
That bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches

You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up

Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me out of this place
I'm outta place
I'm in outer space
I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place
Now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's cube
17 years later I'm as rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs

I've got no game
And every face looks the same
They've got no name
So I don't need game to play

I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want

However I do show some respect to few
This ecstasy's got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you
We just met but I think I'm in love with you

But you're on it too
So you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like
"Yo, what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch
You know I got stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you

But in the long run
These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later
But fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now
I'm going to try to find some more

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it
And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight?
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life
Live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere
Where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
‘Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin'
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning

But you're young
You've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw
Parties to crash
Sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
Did better drugs and updated
But I've still got a lot of growing up to do
I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew

But when it's all said and done I'll be 40
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack
Two grandkids in my lap
Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

Drugs really got a hold of me
Really got a hold of me
'Cause drugs really got a hold of me
They really got a hold of meLord, please forgive me for what I do
For I know not what I've done

[Chorus:]
Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

[Verse 1:]
Momma had a baby and it's head popped off (head popped off
Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off)
My momma don't want me the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off
(gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off)
Ring ring ring on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
(their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch)
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn
(else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn) 'til somebody finally took me in
My Great Aunt and Uncle, Edna 'n Charles (Edna 'n Charles
Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles)
They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they ganged up on me and sang this song
(sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song)
It went a little something like
Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn
Momma why do they keep saying this I just don't understand, understand
And by the way, where's my daaaaaaaaaaad?

[Chorus:]

[Verse 2:]
Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly
Predominantly white, predominantly black, but what about me
Where does that leave me? Well I guess that I'm between predominantly
Both of 'em, I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream
While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you?
Do you think that I'm kidding? What do I look like some kind of idi-
Wait a minute, shit, don't answer that - why am I so misunderstood?
Why do I go through so much bullshit, it's such bullshit, it's tush mull bisch
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again whinin about his millions
And his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it
Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers, claims he had it
I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
Man if I only had half of it
Shit, if you only knew the half of it

[Chorus:]

[Verse 3:]
Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds
Please release me from these demons
I never had any of this shit planned, mom, please believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused
Dear Santa Claus, why you not comin' this year again?
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this?
Everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoisted up in the air
Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere
I don't even know why they feel like they know me cause I'm in this ferris wheel
And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now, doe-se-doe now, curtains up, the show must go
Now ring around the rosie, the show's over, you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be
So please God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
'til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone

[Chorus x2]Yo.. yo! [Eminem hachs up spit]
Mic check...(My dick!)
Testing...one, two [Eminem hach up spit on mic]
Ffff-fuck...(My dick!) my nuts..

My attitude is worse than N.W.A.'s was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!)
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,
Puffy is good, (Hey!) but Slim Shady is for the children! (Wait!)
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin to get my porno career started
Every place and event.. (been there, done that)
Shit, dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
[zipper sound] Come on, let's go!
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson one: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson two: Face em and diss em (Whattup dog?)
Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em (I want you to come with me)
And make em come to your basement and listen
(you're gonna fuckin check this out)
Lesson three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with canibus
And put yours on the owner's table (Here listen!)
Lesson four: Know you heard this before:
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? 
Get the whitest A&R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson five: Get a hook-up at jive
Dress up like I.C.P and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't
Givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me (Get away from me!)
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin
Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like master p (Unnnggggh!)
Got a blowjob from paula jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones (Oww!)
Told mya this shit was all about me-ah (it's all about me..)
Gave alyssa milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea (You're a dick!)
And all three of my main girls said see-ya
Cause brandy and monica walked in and caught me fuckin aaliyah
(What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath
Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass (Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!)
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass

[Chorus]
So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too bad (Yo why you diss me?)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had (A big dick!)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad! (Nurse! nurse!)
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad

What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
In your driveway (What?) and drive away [car peels out]
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids
Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (Mooooo!)
Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed cage with (agent orange)
And wiped my ass with his page in source (Here!)
The demon is here, steamin this year
I rip (mystikal's) voicebox out, scream in his ear (Ahhhhhh!)
It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
Yeah I don't think this guy is well.. I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail

[Impersonating Method Man]
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin'
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nutsack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that

You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than chris-topher
Reeves, I was teething with strep throat
While your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
And walkin through south central l.a., bleedin in jeans
(am I a blood or a crip?) wakin up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
On how you just got smoked, and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it, like a biggie and 'pac joke

[Chorus]

I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (Uh-Huh)
That's right, Slim shady (Yup) sway & tech
Sprayin' wreck (Bitch!)
And we don't give a heck (Uh-Uh)
Or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit
So suck my motherfuckin dickOkay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check one two, we recording?

I'm cancerous so when I diss you wouldn't want to answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangle you to death then I choke you again
And break your fucking legs
'Til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'mma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown, ‘cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (oh no!)
So if I said I never did drugs, that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads (Fuck you!)
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both and smeared blood in a white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped
I'm running out the morgue with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably want to grow up to be just like me[Eminem - Verse 1:]
I want you to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping
I want them fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks, Ladies won't you fill your cups?
Shady's come to fill you up, if you a D or a C-cup
You can even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E
You'll be in the E-R, we are strapped with so much T-N-T
We may blow, no, not even C-P-R from the EMT
Can help you to resuscitate, You bustas must be flustered, wait
You can't cut the mustard, What's your problem, can't you bust a grape?
(chk chk) What's my name? Shady came to crush the game
Instantly, not even fair to them cause they pale in comparisons
So much they might as well wear a skin, don't you wish you could just share his pen?
Cause this shit is getting embarrassing, the fog is thick and the air is thin
Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, Dadidadidadadi
He makes it look so easy, Girl you just hit the lottery

[Eminem - Chorus:]
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

[Dr. Dre (Eminem) - Verse 2:]
This is when shit hits the fan like it just flat out don't stand
This is the only moment that matters, your homie rolling with Mathers
Then chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front
So do what we say and once it's over like a suance, it hums
(It makes them stay in a trance, No choice, they have to dance)
It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off or what? Man, you better lay off the blunts
You must be smokin' something, think I ain't smokin' nothing, stay off my nuts

Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah, girl, shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D-R-E is on the loose, I'm like a goose when it comes to the Chronic use
You know I can't stand to lose, Me and my goons are like animals
Wake up like a pack of wolves and we came here to extract the roof
Yeah, man, ain't that the truth? Girl, your mans is like in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch, You swing? All hell breaks loose

[Chorus]
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

[Eminem]
Now I know you're feelin discouraged but homie just mark my words
I'm mur-durin the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow
As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' hoe
With speakers knockin it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop
"E" and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do'

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffin for nothin, we'll knock the stuffin out you
Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet
Yeah, move it or lose it freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me
Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah Los Angeles, rules of the streets
Them haters hatin on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat, Dre fall off that's news to meI never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe
With half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
With first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan an ex-heroin addict who just stopped using
Who love booze and alternative music. What's up
Told me she was going back into using again
I said wait first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze and the gin
Come here let's go in here
Who's in the den?
(It's me and Kelly)
My bad, sorry!
Let's try another room
"I don't trust you"
Shut up slut chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get bare-foot butt-naked and run in the woods
"Oh hell might as well try 'em this party is so drag."
Oh dang I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!
(huh)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
I'm sorry!

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

"Yo Sue!"
Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping
I need to go puke! (Bleahh!)
I wasn't trying to turn this into something major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan stop crying I don't hate ya
The world's not against you
I'm sorry your father raped ya
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth
That ain't no reason to start wigging and spaz out
She said "Help me I think I'm having a seizure!"
I said "I'm high too, bitch. Quit grabbing my T-shirt (let go!)
Would you calm down you're starting to scare me
She said "I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook"
Hello
I'm over here Sue, hi, you're talking to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
'Cause I never seen no one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
"Whoops!"
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
"It's an accident!"

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

Susan (wait!) Where you going? You better be careful
Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of getting my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?
Put down the scissors, 'fore you do something dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these
(I'mma kill him!)
"John, where's Dave at before I bash you?"
He's in the bathroom; I think he's taking a crap dude!
"Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talking to plants
Chopping her hair off
And there's only two days left of Spring Break
How long do these things take to wear off?"
Well it depends on how many you had?
I took three she ate the other twenty-two caps
Now she's upstairs crying out her eyeballs
Drinking Lysol
"She's gonna die dude."
I know and it's my fault!
My god!

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
"I'm sorry!"
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
"What do I do?"

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up!
Please! Please wake up! What are you doing?!
You're not dead! You're not dead!
I know you're not dead!
Wake up
Susan wake up
Oh my god[Puff] Bad Boy baby
[Big] Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
[Puff] Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..

[Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
take her Gucci bag and the North Face 
off her back, jab her if she act
funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up [singing in background] niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

[Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
but Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
with no hair in between, know what I mean?

[Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)]

[Puff] Ladies and gentlemen..

[Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh
I got a line in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket
and baby I'm just, dyin to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrongYea, (oh, oh), yea yea, oh
I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing
I smell something in the air that's making me high
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high

(Ok here we go) do-re-me-fa-so-fa-so-la-ti-da-so
Lyrical rascal, kick back the Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tick-tock, so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick axe, a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe comes with six-pack with Exacto
Knives, strangling wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass, Zig-Zags, I'm with the Doc, so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not want to try this at home, my lil' vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, not what you thought, so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke

It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

Your dreams are getting fulfilled, ooh I'm literally getting a chill
Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
You're submitting to skill, sitting still
I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel like I don't think anyone's real
Faced with a dilemma: I can be Dalai Lama
And be calm or bring drama, a step beyond of Jeffrey Dahmer
Please don't upset me, mama, you're looking sexy, mama
Don't know if it's the lala or the rum and Pepsi, mama
Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza
How many people you know
Who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row?
Put 'em in chronological order, beginning with Jack the Ripper
Name the time and place; from the body, the bag, the zipper
Location of the woods
Where the body was dragged and then dumped
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate
And which model, which lake they found her in
How they attacked the victim
Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one
Which knife and which gun, hat kid, what wife, and which nun
Don't stop, I like this, it's fun, the fucking night's just begun

It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that your tryin' to light
Behind the boards sits Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric serum syrup for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some
He can give her some, she can give them some, get behind a Linn Drum
Make up a beat and cure the sucker syndrome
The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the endin' of
Capable of winning a Pulitzer so unbelievable it's a
Titanium cranium that's full of sur-
Prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos high
Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
I ain't even smoke anything I ain't even drinking

It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind[Eminem] 
Translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick - ha ha!
Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him
I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin
[Swifty] Bitch it's too late
[Eminem] Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains

[Swifty]
I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator
Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it (uh-huh) for havin blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face [*BLAM*]
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say, "Forgive me"
I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin, I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets
Chillin in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight

[Chorus: Eminem]

So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick

[Bizarre]
I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. [needle pops]
Lettin the record skip.. [needle pops]
Lettin the record skip.. [needle pops] (Damn!)
[DJ reverses the record and scratches it back on beat]
I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
[dog whines] Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom

[Proof]
Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin [*gun cocks*] nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked
and found chopped up in a trash bag

[Kuniva]
We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell
cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cuz I'm a "Luni"
I got a "Yukmouth" and it's polluted
I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin "Kuniva yo yo.."
I leave ya face leakin, run up in church 
and smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon

[Kon Artis]
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb
(Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick
D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid
Swifty McVeigh
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha, and Slim Shady..You, you, you, you, you
Like a verbal seduction when...
Seduction when I tell them girls on the floor

I don't know, man.
Just feels like we're a lot different.
Kinda feels like I'm on a whole different page right now than you.
It feels strange but uh, I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like...

I feel like I'm morphing into something that's so incredible that I'm dwarfing all competitors.
Better get your girlfriend in check. It's psychological warfare. Endorphins I affect.
Your self-esteem shatters as dialect comes blasting out your deck, "She loves me".
Such passion, you'd expect this sort of reaction from her. Yet, you strong arm.
You're fucking corny. You try to turn your charm on
'Cause you just think you're Bishop, the Don Juan.
But if you think that you're fucking with me, homie you're on one.
I'm cocking my head back like, "Ed Lover. C'mon son.
She's on my Johnson.
She brings my name up constant."
Your boys are like, "She's fucking with dude. She wants him."
Homeboy, you better get a clue.
She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you.
What you expect her to do?
How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closing her eyes, fantasizing of digging her nails in my back to this track.

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)

She's sitting there getting liquored up at the bar.
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are.
There's a seven-disc CD changer in her car, and I'm in every single slot, and you're not. Aww.
I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet: a star
And I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhyming one syllable. Naw.
Switch it up, and watch them haters not give it up 'cause they're just not good enough.
But I'm not giving up 'til I get my respect, and I won't stop 'til I get enough,
'Cause I'm not living up to my own expectations. Aww.
That hater alarm is sounding off, that Obama took the bomb from my name. Aww.
So quit crying that I took your dame, homie she's my dame. Aww.
You sadly mistaken if you thinking that I'm not on my game, boy.
And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth.
You wear your heart on your sleeve. I sport that white tank boy.
But you got a hard on for me. What you hollering my name for?
It's your bitch on my dick. Ain't my dang fault. Man, I can't call it...

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)

It's like we're playing lyrical tug of war with your ear. You hear it girl, come here.
Put your ear up to the speaker, dear, while I freak this world premier seducing her.
Loosen up with a little freestyle that'll wait, am I losing you? Am I making you look bad?
Well I got news for ya, homie, you losing her. Oh wait, she don't like when I spit it fast.
Am I trying to show her how? Let me slow it down some. It's still gonna be a blow out.
You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album.
Rummage through the shit, and try to salvage something to see if you can save any of it,
Punk, but none of it's fucking with me. Prick, you really feeling that bullshit?
You think you killing them syllables. Quit playing. These beats ain't nothing to fool with.
They call me Fire Marshall. I shut the shit down.
Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round.
I am also the opposite of what you are like.
You are microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic.
I am awesome and you are just awestruck. She's love-stricken.
She's got her jaw stuck, from sucking my dick. Aww, fuck.

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you...
(It's like a verbal seduction.)Meet Eddie, twenty-three-years-old
Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store
("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes")
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play
("Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this")

[Dr. Dre]
Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence
(But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience

[Eminem]
That's nonsense!
Go in, gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

[Eminem]
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

[Dr. Dre (Eminem)]
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it!
(You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude)

("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute")
("Mmm, I don't know!")
("Look baby")
("Damn!")
("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?")
("Well OK.")

Meet Stan, twenty-one-years-old
("Give me a kiss!")
After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom
Once again, his conscience comes into play
("Shit!")

[Eminem (Dr. Dre)]
Now listen to me, while you're kissing her cheek
And smearing her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush. Does it got hair? (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?)
No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail

Here I lay
(Damn it feels good to be home)

Meet Grady, a twenty-nine-year-old construction worker
After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man
("What the fuck?!")
("Grady!")

[Dr. Dre (Eminem)]
Alright calm down, relax, start breathing

[Eminem]
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude trying to get off?!
Fuck slitting her throat, cut this bitch's head off!

[Dr. Dre]
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

[Eminem (Dr. Dre)]
Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?!
(What you say?)
What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?
(I'mma kill you motherfucker!)

[Eminem]
Uh-ha! Temper temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

[Dr. Dre]
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that. Aw fuck it
What am I saying? Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?"This could never work," is what we said at first
But whatever this is, it's working
But we're in two different worlds and (Yeah)
I'm not your husband (Nah), you ain't my girlfriend
All I know is that (What?)
When I'm with you, I'm a different person, yeah
And I ain't never met a chick as perfect
Girl, you're a ten, so here I am (Yeah)
Laying here with her again
Thinking 'bout you
She's asleep, you're texting me around two
Crying face emoji, you say this is me without you
Worth sneaking out to me, the cheap hotel rooms or
Sex in the car, then I'll text you tomorrow
Do I question it? Nah, no objection at all
'Cause both of us are still involved, so
As I'm peelin' off, all I'm thinking 'bout is

I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep

You're laying there with him, thinking 'bout me
He's asleep, you say, "Let's meet around three"
You went to leave the house, he caught you sneaking out, now he's freaking out
You thought he was sleepin' soundly, woah
You say you're going for a drive, you don't question him
When he stumbles in, like, "Where the fuck you've been?"
Then you pump his ear with what he wants to hear
Tell him you love him, yeah, wipe each other's tears
But it's been a couple years since we been doin' dirt
You or my girl, don't wanna see either of you get hurt
But now the lines are getting super blurred
Can't tell if I'm cheating on her with you or cheating on you with her
But really, nobody's at fault, can't help who you love
Hope they don't ever hear us talk
'Cause we both are getting sloppy
Probably subconsciously part of me's hoping we get caught 'cause

I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep

We're laying here with them, thinking 'bout us
'Cause now when we get home, we get jealous
Of each other being someone else's
Call us Long John Silver's 'cause we selfish
But I just wanna see ya
Don't care if it's at the Ritz or Motel 6
If I'm there with ya, rich or poor
When I'm laying here with ya, it could be the kitchen floor
I could stay in bed with ya starin' at ya 'til the morn'
I just wanna be your secret lover, yeah
I'd rather share ya than to not have you at all
So once a year or twice a month I'm here if you want it
Yeah, I'm open season
And I'm always game, so keep it a hundred, dear, haha
'Cause we could never be each other's everythings, you got a wedding ring
So it's him instead of me, but I'll be your second string, now and forever because

I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep (I'm in way too deep)Oh oh oh oh oh ooh

There is no escaping
There's no place to hide
You scream, "Someone save me!"
But they don't pay no mind
But they don't pay no mind
Goodnight, goodbye!

You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible
Right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea he just saw you run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party applauding it

Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowing a Klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holdin' on to the pill bottle then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it

Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, Dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must have just blacked out again
Not again!

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
I said
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)

Sitting nude in my living room
It's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube
Maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfin' every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the aloe and lanolin
Bust all over the wall paneling
Dismantlin' every candle
On top of the fireplace mantel and
Grab my flannel and my bandanna then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in

I'm just a hooligan who's used to usin' hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again
Brain contusions again
Cutting and bruisin' the skin
Razors, scissors and pins
Jesus, when does it end?
Phases, that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who
Gave these molecules to
Me. What am I gon' do?
Hey the prodigal son
The diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
I said
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)

She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again

I cut and I slash slice and gash
Last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half pint of the Jack
My last Vic and a half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass

I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December I think it was, I was havin' drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought, "I oughta drink his bath water that oughta be fun."
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son
Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here man there's got to be one
Oh no there's probably none
He can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs, but ain't no stoppin' me from choppin' him up... up
'Cause it's

3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)
I said
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em (killed 'em)

Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil rise)
(Evil rise)
(Evil rise)When I was just a little baby boy,
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
She used to tell me he hated me

But then I got a little bit older
And I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!

These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing
Thinking I'm saying the shit 'cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'mma pull you to this bullet, and put it through you

Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother,
Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"

You're goddamn right bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicodin, vrinn vrinn, vrinnn!

Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Bitch I'mma kill you!
Like a murder weapon, I'mma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em

I ain't "acid rap", but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? No!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th

Bitch I'mma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub
But that's normal ain't it Norman?

Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
'Cause ladies' screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
This eighty Gs a week to say the same things tweece!

Twice? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?

Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to out of school

I don't even believe in breathing
I'm leaving air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it
OK, I'm ready to go play
I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache

You faggots keep egging me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talking to you
You hear me? Answer me!

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
Bitch I'mma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why not?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you..

I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love youGuess who? Did you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

Back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel: Is it fantastic, is it grand?
Well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady man, no, don't massacre the fans
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it then squash it then pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes he can, can, don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seein' men
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl, in fact I see ya grin
Now come in girl!

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

The enforcer, look at the more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and charlie-horse her
Sorry Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't? Are you tellin' me tenderness?
Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her, "Baby, say hello to my little friend"
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut out the middleman
Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men, girl pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys you give 'em an inch
They take a mile, they got style, but it isn't Slim's

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

And that's why, my love, you never live without
I know you want me girl
'Cause I can see you're checkin' me out
And baby, you know, you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it, baby, I'm the only one for you

Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
Man Cash, I don't mean to mess with ya gal but
Jessica Alba, put a breast on my mouth, bruh
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
Lord help us, he's back in his pink Alf shirt
Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica
Rest assured, Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Matter fact, bake me a birthday cake
With a sawblade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down, girl!

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

So baby, baby
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down

Oh Amy!
Rehab never looked so good!
I can't wait!
I'm going back!
Ha ha! Woo!
Dr. Dre
2020[Ed Sheeran:]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

[Eminem:]
He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack
Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched
On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict
And she just wants to exact revenge and get back
It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet-pack
She's kept track of all his Internet chats
And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next
Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks
'Cause she loves danger, psychopath
And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that
But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back
Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand
So she's been on the web lately
Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man
And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care
Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said "Bye Suzanne"
After the first night, but tonight I am

[Ed Sheeran:]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

[Eminem:]
One-night stand, turned to a two-night stand
It was "come sunlight, scram," now we hug tight, and...

He found out, now she feels deserted and used
'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too
Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through?
It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, and Sue
Don't want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth
Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you
So I revert to the studio, like hole-in-the-wall diners
Don't have to be reserved in a booth
I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's
Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew
And now that I got you I don't want you
Took advantage in my thirst to pursue
Why do I do this dirt that I do?
Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech
Detergent and bleach is burnin' the wound
'Cause now with her in the womb
We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew
To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit
Fuck!

[Ed Sheeran:]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

[Eminem (Ed Sheeran):]
My name's (ooh), my name's (ooh)
River (ooh), river run
Call me (ooh), call me (ooh)
River (ooh), we'll let the river run

[Eminem:]
Always the bridesmaid, never “The bride, hey!”
Fuck can I say? If life was a highway
And deceit was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes
Speeds at a high rate, like I'm slidin' on ice, maybe
That's why I may have came at you sideways
I can't keep my lies straight
But I made you terminate my baby
This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled
What else can I say? It was fun for a while
Bet I really woulda loved your smile
Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it
What's one more lie, to tell our unborn child?

[Ed Sheeran (Eminem):]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one (I'm sorry)
I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up)
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run[Chorus:]
Put it on my wee wee!
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange! [x4]

[Verse 1:]
Got a dick, it's as big as a banana
I try to control it, but I can't.
It's too tough, it's like an AK flip banana.
You better watch out, Hannah Montana!
Man, what's the matter? Have you no manners? (no!)
You know the girl from Juno's address?
Yeah, I'm a prob'ly go to jail for that.
Now I got the cops on my tail for that!
Run up on your car with a stale banana
In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that.
It coulda been a Molotov Cocktail for that.
Wait a minute, man! What the hell was that?
I heard a noise, where you goin'? What are you, bananas?!
You can't go back there, stupid ass!
I just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask.
Who the fuck are you, Superman?
All you have is a little stupid can
Of whipped cream what the hell you gonna do with that?
I'm a put it on my wee wee. Ooh, good answer!
A super bonanza extravaganza.
Man, go ahead, what you waitin' for?
You better get them clothes off, baby boy.
Come on! Let's go! We're gonna make a porn!
Ready, set, go! Hit play, record!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Are you ready? - You better hold the camera steady.
She's pro'ly back there with a damn machete!
She's pro'ly gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
She's pro'ly gonna kill ya; still wanna check, see?
Have a little quick look? - Go on?
She's pro'ly six foot tall like bigfoot, the hell with that?
We probably should run, don't dare look back!
We probably, probably, probably
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
But you probably didn't know that, did ya?
Now what ya gonna do when she gets ya?
I ain't goin' with ya, forget ya!
Quit tryna hold my hand, mista'!
Pretend she's your little sista'! - Little sista'! [?]
Might as well take the whipped cream with ya
And when you see her, make sure you get a picture!
We could try to make another "Blair Witch-a - movie"
A beastiality porno with smoothies.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
It's Eerie, but here comes Zack and Miri
The "Beauty And The Beast", his back is hairy.
But she don't care, they're attractive, very
Very sexually active, very.
No, Zack! Don't go back in there!
It's too late now, she's grabbin' hair!
He screams: "Bloody Mary!" - Grabs a mirror
But stop just ain't in her vocabular.
"Get off me, please! Get off me, stop!"
Ballin' back at a coffee shop.
They go non-stop. - She says: "Go!"
He says: "No! " - She says: "Oh!"
Back and forth, they scream and shout.
Yeah, boy; let them demons out!
It's the kinda nightmare you dream about
Uh-oh! Now the whipped cream is out.
I get sick thoughts. - Sick, sick, thoughts.
The things you could do with your lipstick gloss.
Put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange.
Bitch, keep going! - Bitch, keep going!

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
Banana...
Banana...
Banana... [beat fades out]
Banana...
Banana...[Eminem:]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Eminem & Dr. Dre:]
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted"
Well, since age twelve, I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

[Eminem:]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
Ninety-nine percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"

Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
'Cause I'm steaming mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady[Eminem:]
Hands up, officer don't shoot
Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot
We may never understand each other, it's no use
We ain't ever gonna grasp what each other goes through

Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you
Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you
Pull up on the side of you
Window rolled down, 'profile'
Then we wonder why we see this side of you
Probably comin' from the dope house
We could let you slide but your tail light is blew, out
We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum
On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you
And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true
Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it
In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you
Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do?
I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin'
No matter how many lives you ruin
It's for the red, white and blue
Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two
No one's ever indicted you
Why? 'Cause you're a...

[Eminem (Cheech and Chong):]
White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
(My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live)
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
(But I don't listen to her 'cause my head is like a sieve)
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
(The world's coming to an end, I don't even care)
Nobody can tell me shit cause I'm a (big rockstar)

[Eminem:]
Black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and
We don't care what our government's done to fuck you over, man
Don't tell us your attitude's a result of that
Balderdash, where'd you get the chip on your shoulder at?
Why you kicking that soda can?
Pull your pants up, we 'bout to roll up and
Throw your ass in the van cuffed
You don't have to know our plans or what our intentions are
Our cards are close to our chest, you better show your hands
And put our minds more at ease
Or get shot in the thyroid, comply or die, boy
We're fightin' a crime war, here come the swine
Tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities
That's what we call 'em pigsties for
They're like eyesores to police
Talk to you like just a piece of trash
Feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me
As I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions
As this beat backspins, it's like we're drifting back in
To the sixties, having black skin is risky
'Cause this keeps happening
Throughout history, African-Americans have been treated like shit
And I admit, there have been times where it's been embarrassin' to be a...

[Eminem (Cheech and Chong):]
White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
(My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live)
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
(But I don't listen to her 'cause my head is like a sieve)
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
(The world's coming to an end, I don't even care)
Nobody can tell me shit cause I'm a (big rockstar)

[Eminem:]
Seems like the average lifespan of a white man
Is more than twice than a black life span
I wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner
I feel like checking out on life, can't escape this circumstance
I'd rather hear 'em say "Die N-word" than Die Antwoord
Ninja, now it's better disguised banter
But that's life, strapped 'cause we're strapped financially
And can't find answers
We're applying, but McDonald's
Seems to be the only franchise that'll hire
So how can we have higher standards?
As Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter
We fight back with violence but acts like that are
Black eyes on the movement
Which makes black lives madder
At cops and cops madder
That's why it's at a stalemate
Can't arrive at a compromise so it's Black Ops
I wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops
The block is our backyards, officers, not the crack spot
Call the attack dogs off of us, man
You always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop
And bad cops fuck it up for the good cops, and man, stop
Sendin' white cops in the black neighborhoods
Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it
Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns
And know nobody black so they act afraid of us
And that's racism, the fear that a black face gives 'em
A subconscious racist
Wait, why are there black neighborhoods?
'Cause America segregated us, designated us to an area
Separated us, Section-Eight'd us
When we tear it up's the only time attention's paid to us
And education sucks, and every day's another
Freddie Gray for us, a levy breaks or fuzz
Why is it they treat us like dryer lint?
We just want a safe environment for our kids
But can't escape the sirens
Don't take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in
The poverty that we face so the crime rate's the highest in
The lowest classes, it's like a razor wire fence
And we're trapped in these racial biases
That plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise
Every time we see a devil's face
Lions, tigers, and bears, oh my
It's more like billy clubs and gats
And we really love it when you think we're guilty 'cause we're black
"But you kill each other, facts
You peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats"
Single mother strugglin' through substance abuse
While people with nothin' to lose shoot each other for shoes
Fuck your Republican views
Pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, where the fuck are the boots?
And streets act as a narrator, don't gotta read comics
Or be that into characters, just to see that, just to be black
You better be strapped with a derringer
Or be "capped in America" like Steve Rogers
'Cause no one oversees these cops and
All we see is 'em beat charges
We done seen 'em beat Rodney King unconscious, and got off
So we don't need all you crooked police officers' peace offerings
Just keep marchin', 'til we reach congress
But they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance
If you try to slander the flag but
Somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb
So they call it a Kaepernick tantrum
If you don't stand for the national anthem
We raise it, you better praise it
Or you'll be made to feel like a traitor, we'll
Treat you like Rodney Dangerfield
Home of the brave is still racist 'ville
So this whole nation feels like a plantation field
In a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals
That had its Natives killed
Got you singin' this star-spangled spiel
To a piece of cloth that represents the "Land of the Free" that made people slaves to build[Eminem:]
Something's burnin' I can't figure out what
(Out what) it's either lust, or a cloud of dust, judgment is clouded must
Just be the powder from the power of
(Love) but I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get outta
Left my girl in the house alone, is that my soon-to-be-spouse's moan and the further I walk the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard, 'cause after all this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt I
Think I might be about to busta, bust her, the thought's scary yo, though and it hurts-brace
Hope it ain't "here we go, yo" 'cause my head already goes to worst-case scenario, though in the first place
But you confirmed my low end theory though, should've known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date, could've made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face
First "No [slurp], you don't [slurp] under—[slurp]—stand [slurp]. I [slurp] don't [hic] do [slurp] this for anyone ever."
Yeah, that ain't what they all say
I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancée, 'til you sucked on Wayne, André and Kanye,
LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil' Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e, Polow Tha Don, Dre
Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame
Guess I'm gettin' my g-God dang Jigga on, eh?
'Cause your name I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin'
The game of love, love, love, love, la-la-la-la-la love

[Kendrick Lamar:]
She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me, like she never did before
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
I told that bitch

[Kendrick Lamar:]
I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick
Suckin' dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water he drowned, like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya'
"Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone
And, Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels ya little fuckin' Ferris Wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me. Fuck ya think? We're gonna get married still?
Fucking Mary had a little lamb this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy God mama better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day..." Bitch, you serious?
I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me deep as a Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' 'im
His mouth piece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin' cordial, yeah I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like, ain't it? What about if I was as famous
As Marshall, would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singing, "I hope she's good enough
Meanwhile you're chasing her."
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her, pity the fool and pity the fool in me I'mma live with the
Game of love, love, love, love, la-la-la-la-la love

She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me, like she never did before
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
I told that bitch

[Eminem:]
So needless to say, I'm feelin' betrayed, snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off 'Wee-Bey' from the Wire's dick now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché, it's all my fault anyway she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ, each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display, is symptomatic of attack behave
Ior, back together, but forgot today was her B-Day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes, that's when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brake line, stepped on them fuckers eight times, still goin' 73 thank
God there's an exit comin' up, what the mother F-U-C-K's
Wrong with her, hit the off-ramp, 'til I coasted to a goddamn halt, hit a fucking tree now here she comes at full speed she's racing at me, OK, you wanna fuck with me 'eh?
Snatch that bitch out her car through the window she's screamin' I body slam her on the cement until the concrete gave
And created a sink hole, buried the stink hoe in it, then paid to have the street repaved (the fuck?)
Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray, durin' a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, 'cause she's layin' next to me in bed
Directly aimin' a gat at my head
Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it, I've had it I'm checkin' into rehab
I confess I'm a static addict I guess
That's why I'm so clingy every girl I've ever had either says
I got too much baggage or I'm too fuckin' dramatic, man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just
A fuckin' romantic, I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch! Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said, "Hit the road," and after she left I sent that bitch a text
I said, "Be careful driving. Don't read this and have an accident!" She glanced to look at it and wrecked
Too bad, thought we had a connect- no sense dwelling makes
Never been a more compelling case, than the model covered in L'Oreal and Mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories, for story telling, while the whore was yelling rape
'Til her vocal chords were swelling and her voice was more horser than Tori Spellings' face
Still they swarm the gates
Of my fancy estates to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
'Less you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date
Don't be late, well, the sentiment's great
But wait, think there's been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the game of
[Phone ring] wait, "Dinner at eight?"
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the game of love

Love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no

[Eminem:]
Cadillac Sevilles, Coupe Devilles
Brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels
Girl I'm too for real
Lose your tooth and nails
Try to fight it, try to deny it
Stupid you will feel
What I do, I do at will
Shooting from the hip, yeah boy shoot to kill
Half a breath left on my death bed
Screaming, "F that!" yeah super ill
Baby what the deal
We can chill, split a half a pill and a Happy Meal
Fuck a steak slut
I cut my toes off and step on the receipt before I foot the bill
Listen garden tool don't make me introduce you to my power tool
You know the fucking drill
How you douchebags feel knowing you're disposable?
Summer's Eve Massengill
Shady's got the mass appeal
Baby crank the shit
'Cause it's your goddamn jam
You say that you want your punchlines a little more compact
Well shorty I'm that man
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said
Settle your fucking ass down I'm ready for combat, man
Get it? Calm Batman.
Nah, ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts
Lines are like mom's CAT scans
'Cause they fucking go bananas
Honey I applaud that ass
Swear to God, man, these broads can't dance
Ma, show 'em how it's done
Spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah

[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no

[Eminem:]
Girl, shake that ass like a Donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J. Fox in the drawers playin' with an etch-a-sketch
Bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door
People hit the floors
Yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced
Girl forget remorse, I'mma hit you broads
With Chris's force like you pissed him off
Talented with the tongue motherfucker
You ain't got a lick in yours
Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores
Makin' cash registers shit their drawers
Think you spit the rawest
I'm an uncooked slab of beef
Laying on your kitchen floor
In other words I'm off the meat rack
Bring the beat back
Bring in two extension cords
I'mma measure my dick shit I need 6 inches more
Fuck my dick's big bitch
Need I remind you
That I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig?
You're addicted I'm dope
I'm the longest needle around here
Need a fix up I'm the big shot
Get it dick-snots?
You're just small pokes little pricks
Girl you think that other prick's hot
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
'Fore I sit back and let him get hotter
Better call the cops on him quick fast
Shady's right back on your bitch ass
White trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback
Trailer hitch attached to the back (dispatch)

[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no

[Eminem:]
Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rapping?
Does a bird chirp? Lil' Wayne slurps syrup 'til he burps
And smoke purp?
Does a word search get circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through?
I'd like you to remind yourself
Of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic
Or you're the kind of girl that I can take a liking to
Psych I'm spiking you like a football
Been this way since I've stood a foot tall
You're a good catch with a shitty spouse
Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
Gimme good brain
Watch the wood grain,
Don't want no cum stain
Bitch, you listening? Tryna turn me down
Slut, I'm talking to you, turn me back up
Are you insane tryna talk over me in the car
Shut the fuck up while my shit's playin'
I'mma shit stain on the underwear of life
What's the saying? Where there's thunder there's lightning
And they say that it never strikes twice in the same place
Then how the fuck have I been hit six times
In three different locations
On four separate occasions?
And you can bet your stinking ass
That I've come to smash everything in my path
Fork was in the road took the psycho path
Poison ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash
So hit the dance floor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone
Shake your booty shorty I'm the shit
Why you think Proof used to call me Doody?

[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no[Eminem and Hailie:]
Hailie, what do you want to be when you grow up, baby?
I don't know, but I don't want to grow up to be like Ja Rule's little dirty-ass kids

Ah-ha! Yeah! C'mon!
G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie
What?
Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar
OK
We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass!

[Swift:]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead
And I ain't talking 'bout a pencil
Look at what the fuck you done got into
I see you found your niche, you just a bitch with a menstrual
Claiming you a murderer, and you spelled it wrong
You put E before the D, 'cause that's all you on
You on Pac's dick, you a replica guy
If he was still alive, you would never get by
All you do is cry, bitch, keep it real
Life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills
And what kind of motherfucker ruins three deals
That another nigga got you? They didn't see skills
And I ain't playin', you a brother getting cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover, 'cause he need it
And all you niggas hating, shut your mouths!
It's just that real niggas ain't buying that shit y'all put out

[Obie Trice:]
Doe, rae, me, but we don't sing, motherfuckers
So Murder Inc, do your thing, motherfuckers
You unleashed on a team
Who expects nothin' less than R&B coming from that regime
"Regime" is a little extreme
Neck and neck with soldiers, motherfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the TV screen, chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a motherfuckin' actor, slash Pac impersonating rapper
Slash Billie Holiday – how it happen?
Artist and repertoire saw him in action
Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed him
Told him, "Reenact him, you go platinum!"
They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reenacting her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy, mash and destroy
Shady slash Aftermath and Detroit, motherfucker!

[Eminem:]
Doe rae me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not
Shooting at me, with the only shot you got
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop

[Kuniva:]
Now, we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the grievance and the crying and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious, nigga, you shook
You half of a half-way crook; get off X dick, go sing a hook!
Nigga, and you can't replace the late great one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga, please stick to the script
Before the guns stick to the clip
And Benzino, you ain't shit but a bitch!
Fuckin' old-ass, ignorant, innocent-lookin' senior citizen
Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive
Wait a minute, hold on: is it me, or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
A bitch-made man; now, how you gonna connect
With them short ass arms, like a Tyrannosaurus Rex
You niggas can scream, holler and curse
Go ahead and respond
And pull that pen and pad up outta your purse

[Proof:]
Slim didn't send Proof to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up, Gotti? And this little war you pushed on
Put your ear to the ground for stepping on bush stones
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggas?
Roll like a boss, in the streets they still feel us
It's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept
You talking nonsense to walking bomb threats
Contact was blown by Benzetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss, you gon' see me on your porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggas early and ain't scurred to bust

[Kon Artis:]
Word to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Cadillac Pac or that transvestite?
That dress like a Lil Kim fox
You're just like a little windbox
Press tight on the trigger of this Glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video trying mock Pac
You Mockaveli; get your own identity!

[Eminem:]
Doe rae me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me 'cause you washed up, lost your spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not
Shooting at me, with the only shot you got
Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop

Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again
Fuckin' punk-pussy bitch! I'll fuck you up, boy! Never!
Don't you never in your motherfuckin' life…
I'll choke the shit out of you little motherfuckin' midget
Hailie'll whip your motherfuckin' ass

[Obie Trice:]
That's right, motherfuckers
Shady records, what you know about it?
Fuck Benzino! Fuck Ja Rule!
Nigga, this Obie Trice right here talkin' to you motherfuckers
Ja Rule punk ass, yeah, fuckin' Soul 4 Real ass
Nigga, that's Soul 4 Real
That the nigga from Soul 4 Real!
Candy Rain-ass nigga, he got a deal, now he rappin'
You don't know what's, faggot-ass motherfuckers
Get money to all my real niggas, man
Obie Trice, D-12, G Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade

[Hailie and Eminem:]
Daddy, is Ja Rule taller than me?
No, honey, you guys are the same size[old school hip-hop beat tune plays in the background like a radio station]

[Proof]
Yeah soul intent, checking it number one baby this week
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is MC Proof

[Head]
And DJ Head

[Proof]
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ay yo we got the number one requested song, of the DAY coming up next.
It's a local thing wants retilin'
It goes by the name of Eminem
And it's called "It's OK"[Intro - talking]
Shady, Aftermath
BTOV

There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin and grindin that pole
The way she's grindin that pole
I think I'm losing control
Bobby Creek

[Bobby Creek]
I'm on the patron
In the end I'm gone
My eyes ain't clear
I'm gone
So she hear me wrong
I'm kinda in the zone
Cause the DJ playin' my song
Just another opportunity for sayin' I'm known
I'm from Atlanta
So southern ain't just part of my grammar
I can up and cock the hammer
For any nigga
But I came here to get on goose and tropicana
Get loose put some more of my juice
In your caboose
Sippin everything from white grain
To deuce juice
With nothin' to gain
But my grace and loose tooths
Eminem came Obie stat and proof too
Bobby creek is in the place
The name is snoop too
My drinks is 10 around
I can make her spin around
If she keep her dinner down
Simmer down
We can hit the telly when the fun stops
And I hit you in ya ?
Come sip on my gumdrops

[Nate Dogg]
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessey
I've been to the muthafuckin mountain top
Heard muthafuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock
Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie
We bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt)
I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it bout it
I'm lookin for a girl
That will do whatever the fuck
I say everyday she be givin it up

[Nate Dogg - Chorus]
Shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Ohh girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me

[Eminem]
Obie Trice!

[Obie Trice]
One slug
Couldn't snuff young cuz
Goodness gracious
Haters stay on these nuts
Just like a hood rat chick who was curious
Serious
Full breast, ready to touch
Who's that in the cool blue back
With a new rag
Givin' head while he poppin' the clutch
True I had a few
Obie rollin' with brews
Annually knockin' the boots
It's on manual
The way I knock em outta they shoes
Talk a little shit
Then they anus'll ooze
Talk a little spit on my ding-a-lang
Who
It's shady
You know the name of the crew
You know the aim is to bang you
In the mansion
With a magnum
With a night pass to the matinee
Obie
Came to party
You better ask somebody

[Nate Dogg - Chorus]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Ohh girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me,
Shake that ass for me[Intro - Eminem ]
Shady, Aftermath
(Look at that bitch! Ha, yeah!)
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losing control

[Verse 1 - Eminem]
Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up
Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, blasted, puke, drink up, get a new drink
Hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine
Knowing still got a few chunks on your shoestring
Showing I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated
And hips and licked them lips and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit

[Verse 2 - Nate Dogg]
Two to the one from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good trees
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfucking mountain top
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock
Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie

[Verse 3 - Nate Dogg]
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it popping baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

[Verse 4 - Eminem]
I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rinse
Swish but don't spit it, swallow when I finish
Yeah me and Nate D-O double G
Looking for a couple bitches with some double Ds
Pop a little champagne and a couple Es
Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party

[Verse 5 - Nate Dogg]
Have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck
Apple bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can but she won't say no
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine

[Bridge - Eminem]
Now I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go ahead shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up

[Outro - Eminem]
There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor
Bumping and grinding that pole
The way she's grinding that pole
I think I'm losing control

God, come on

[Eminem makes noises]

I ain't leavin' without you bitch

Coming home with me

And my boy, and his boy, and his boy, and his girl

Ha ha, Nate Dogg

[Deep breathing]Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?

Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow!
Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on: da da dum da dum da da da da

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my 9-to-5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

You can do anything you set your mind to, manYo, yo, follow me
Come with me to the dark side of the force
No man would boldly go to this place
The devil only knows of this world
So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold
Oh so cold, oh

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake

Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December
I see my target, put my car in park and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her
Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl, you might've
Heard of me before, see whore
You're the kind of girl that I'd assault and rape
Then figure why not try to make your pussy wider
Fuck you with an umbrella
Then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild
But I might flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian, yeah
Now let's see her have triplets, and I'll disintegrate them babies
As soon as they're out her with formaldehyde and cyanide
Girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder
No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun out of
Murderin', I'd rather go vinn-vinn, and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh
Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull
My knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake

So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy
It's making me play hide-and-seek like Jason, I'm so hungry
She's naked, see, no privacy but I can see she wants me
So patient, see, I try to be but gee, why does she taunt me?
Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep
And I creep right through the front, see
So blatantly, but silently 'cause I know that she's sound 'sleep
"Who's waking me so violently, and why's he on top of me?"
"He's raping me," she tries to scream
"Somebody please get him off me
He's taping me, he's biting me, he's laughing like it's funny"
She's scraping me, she's fighting me
She's scratching like some dumb freak
Escaping me, no dice, you see, I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan, gee, what a sight to see, I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy, but it's alright with me, man, life can be so empty
Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancing
To quite a different drum beat

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake

Better try to stay wide awake
Or you might end up found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep
Bitch, your soul I'mma try to take
Pray for light of day right away
Why do they try to fight today?
I must make them pay twice as much
Might as well put the knife away
Now I use power tools, how 'bout now, are you in the shower?
Scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets
How did you figure out I was down in your basement? Now ya
Must've just heard the sound of my stomach
Growling from down there
Prowler, there's no one fouler
Bound ya, that's how they found ya
Face down in the tub, I drown ya
With piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how you cower
Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars
Jabba the Hutt, beddy-bye-bye
Beddy-bye-bye, it's time to die-die
Ought to not even bother to scream, it don't even matter
Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water
Nothing like Son of Sam, so please understand
There's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in the hunt?
There's no fun in that, here I come with axe
Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hacking 'em up with that
What was that? Dial 9-1-1, someone's coming in from the back

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awakeMotherfuckers talkin' crazy (yeah)
Sayin' I should quit (ah)
I fuckin' tell 'em make me (bitch)
Eat a fuckin' dick (yeah)
I'm feelin' like the greatest (woo!)
On the beat who ever did it
Mike Will the one who made it
It's Shady on the lyrics

I'm somewhat outlandish they say
You say we're cut from the same cloth
But I guess you fabricate, eh?
You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints
Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin'
At anything that may stand in they way
As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay
Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late
James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee
Must have missed my CAT scan that day (yeah!)
I just threw a Tampax at Dre
Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray
I'm turning back to a madman, can't take
Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage
My basal ganglia's an A to the K
Get your ass sprayed like bidets
Breakin' your legs eight different ways, aim for the waist
You chumps don't even know how to do somethin'
To give goosebumps a day when you say
That somethin' you won't give someone a lump in their throat
If you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain
Feelin' like I'm headed for a padded cell
The bar for me what I rap isn't fair but
Guess that's the standard I'm held to
But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya
You set a mark too high when platinum sales are
Looked at as a failure (yeah)
Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper
'Cause damn it I'm still the—

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But I'm the greatest

So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (what?)
Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (haha)
Wait, what was I just about to say?
Oh yeah, let me get this out the way
I know there's people that are pissed about the way I mispronounced a name, "DIE ANTWOORD!"
Fuck, I still can't say this shit, but how quickly they forget
Who the fuck I was now Ninja try to duck my slugs
To let ya girl get fucked by Muggs
I'd like to give a shout to Cypress (woo!)
This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to
Give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book!
No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers
I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it
God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window
Somebody better child-proof it
'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit
And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit
You don't got the tools, I got my toolkit
I bullshit you not, y'all fools just forgot
That I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop
So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's-not… gonna ever
I'll never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop
'Cause I'm wipin' up everyone in this genre
'Cause on the mic I feel like I'm the—

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But I'm the greatest

Oh yeah, and one more thing I want to mention (what?)
Is you're one dimension
I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention
I love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention
Muscles flexin', gotta strut like a front suspension
And you just stuck the key up in the ignition
And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah)
Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft
I should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag
Bet you I come back twice as bad (uh)
Revival didn't go viral!
Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road
Fuck that, I'm finna hit back
'Til I run out of gun powder and split the scene
Hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze
And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things
And my lips and the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine
Trigger me and Slim gets mean (prr!)
Bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes
That's why I call the motherfuckers M16s (woo!)
Float like a butterfly, I'm gonna sting like a bee
You ain't harmin' a thing
I hit a dame as hard as I'm gonna swing
I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling
But like a wedding band
You gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring
An anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali
'Cause I know one day I'm gonna be the—

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But I'm the greatest[Royce da 5'9":]
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (People)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Bitches)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Animals)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

Bumstickitty, bumstickitty, bum huh
I got that old rum-pum-pum-pum
A punk'll jump up to get him a beat down
At least sound, I sound like these clowns, like he sound
My flow all over the place, .44 in the waist
I'm so-so innovative, po-po went away, I roll over 'em and make bacon
And call 'em a pig, won't you hop up off of my dick?
Words in the way, I'm at loss by him
I give you a JFK on the front lawn of MLK in the crossfire (Get down, nigga)
I have evolved into the lost diaries of the mob and the Rothschilds
(C'mon)
I feel like God broke the vials and I am just layin' down inside 'em like caulk and tile
Q-Tip

[Q-Tip:]
Man, here we go
I said that we live in the land of criminal
My era, my era, my era so original
Uh-uh, I survived it and that's a miracle
Ah, man
[Royce da 5'9":]
'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself
Like Ice Cube said, "Before you wreck yourself" (Bitches)
Like Wu-Tang said, "You should protect yourself" (Animals)
I got 'em goin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

[Black Thought:]
Yo, snappin' necks plus I'm live, in effect
I'm in the Slick Rick eye patch, but I got it from Hex
Rappers avoid eye contact, that's outta respect
For the god in the flesh, the ominous Indominus Rex
They be like, "You put the Thought on? Yikes"
If I told y'all once, I told y'all twice, that motherfucker is nice
I'm the king of the blood sport on mics
I'm from an era, you had beef? You prolly fist fought on sight
Get your ass beat at the basketball court on spite
Then tell your wife to put your life support on ice
I'm the rap Pernell Whitaker, the honorable minister
Leavin' every amateur inoperable, I finished 'em
Makin' plaques outta they head like dead venison
Used to be the bad lieutenant with M-Illitant
Spillin' over fabulous jams my man Dilla sent
Rap speak for me, I am the ventriloquist
I'm so stubborn, the government won't govern
That brother you spoke of, it just wasn't as dope, was it?
I'm cold buzzin', I never been low budget
The taste of your own medicine, here come a dose of it
I break free like Chesimard
Keep 'em guessin' hard while broads say my bars is like ASMR
All my dogs is out the reservoir
Top five, I'm where the legends are (Keep goin')
Live at the edge of darkness and light
One phone call my youngins takin' flight
You a bark, bitch, and never bite, long kiss goodnight
I stay heated, my people in the place need it
If you ain't standin' up for yourself then stay seated
And they cheated, they lie like Amerigo
Vespucci, I'm a miracle, I'm still super lyrical
Live from the Terrordome, loud like a megaphone
Thutmose the Third, seven inch herringbones

[Q-Tip:]
Man, here we go
I said that we live in the land of criminal
My era, my era, my era so original
Uh-uh, I survived it and that's a miracle
Ah, man
[Royce da 5'9":]
'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself
Like Ice Cube said, "Before you wreck yourself" (Bitches)
Like Wu-Tang said, "You should protect yourself" (Animals)
I got 'em goin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

[Eminem:]
Better hope an ambulance is en route
Papers are hand grenades soon as I pull the pin out
I am the Santa Fe, Mandalay and Orlando and Colorado and Columbine
All combined into one, I don't walk a line, bitch, I run
'Cause we don't got no time to waste, so come on Denaun
Here come me, 5-to-9 and Thought, da-dun, da-dun
Then like a shotgun I'm ready to cock it on 'em
Leave these pussies stretched out like the Octomom
Never had no trouble keepin' up with the times
I just adapt to the climate, I treat it like my Levi's
When they ain't buttoned up right, I adjust on the fly
Middle fingers, put 'em high, that's why they call it a bird
'Cause you put it up in the sky
And I'm like a spider crawlin' up your spinal column
I'm climbin' all up the sides of the asylum wall
And dive in a pile of Tylenol, you're like a vagina problem
To a diabolical gynecologist, tryna ball a fist I will
Fuck you just buy me, double timing the rhyming
I leave you stymied, that's why they still vilify me like Bill O'Reilly
I'ma show you what I mean when they call me the Harvey Weinstein of 2019
I'm a conniving (What?), when I'm on the mic I'ma standout
Like a lime green wife beater with a knife out
I'm a sight to see, but you can see from the ring I'm wearing
Me and this game, we got married already
Had the prenup ready, fucked on her, should've seen her belly
She barely was three months pregnant
Bitch had it, gave me a baby, we named it Machine Gun Kelly
Now here's to LL, Big L and Del
K-Solo, Treach and G Rap
DJ Polo, Tony D, ODB, Moe Dee, Run-DMC
Ed O.G. and EPMD, D.O.C., Ice-T, Evil Dee
King Tee, UTFO and Schoolly D, PE and BDP
YZ and Chi-Ali, Rakim and Eric B., they were like my therapy
From B.I.G. and Paris Three Times Dope and some we'll never see, and PRT
N.W.A and Eazy-E, and D-R-E was like my GPS
Without him, I don't know where I'd be

[Q-Tip:]
Man, here we go
I said that we live in the land of criminal
My era, my era, my era so original
Uh-uh, I survived it and that's a miracle
Ah, man
[Royce da 5'9":]
'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself
Like Ice Cube said, "Before you wreck yourself" (Bitches)
Like Wu-Tang said, "You should protect yourself" (Animals)
I got 'em goin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah[Eminem:]
If there's any bitches in this room, then there's something I gotta say
For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way
I've been down that road and now I'm back, sittin' on square one
Tryna pick myself up where I started from

[Obie Trice:]
I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control
Even though my penis was deep down in your hole
You should know between us we was like mates to soul
Nothing could intervene us, especially no hoes
You was more so the chalant type, I chose
To more shows, haunted you nights I suppose
That's how we go, with time spent, emotion grows
In the beginning, friends we decided to roll
So who's responsible when you get excited, explode
And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold
But bitches they gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate
We established this way before we became mates
So what's required is that you chill with all that fire
Get your desire when I retire

Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right 'cause you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine

[Eminem:]
I used to say I never met a girl like you before
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
'Til you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers
Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls
If you recall I used to treat you like a groupie broad
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off
It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me on
You started getting moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue
And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me
And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly
Cupid could shoot another one of them God damn darts at me
It's true that I got shot in the heart
But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are
But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see
'Til you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach
Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat
Before you make a decision that's life altering
And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave
You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring

Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right 'cause you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine

[Stat Quo:]
In most cases, Stat's attitude is fuck-a-bitch
My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch
But you was different, thought we shared a covenant
Even held your hand in public, we sufferin' because of this
Shorty on some whole 'notha other shit
Tryna play slick thinkin' i'mma trick off grip
I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit
Feeding you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss
We started off closer than close
But who coulda predicted to know, your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth
And the final result, back in that same boat
I asked myself, do I love these hoes? No!

[50 cent:]
Em introduced us, "50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50"
Then slid off and left her to kick it with me
I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips
With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick
We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast
Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass
Downtown Manhattan on the balcony, stare at the skyline
Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind
She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist too
Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move?
Said she's an inspiring actress, she do videos for practice
Yeah, yeah, know how many times I done heard that shit?

Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right 'cause you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine[Pink:]
You're drunk
The carpet is burned
I hate to find you like this
I always find you like this
I come home and clean up your mess
What would you do without that?
Why do I always come back? Oh
What I wouldn't do for you

And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need-ed me
And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need-ed me

[Pink & Eminem:]
Some nights I want to run for the hills
It's never easy with you
I cannot reason with you
But your smile is as rare as it comes
What would I do without that
Maybe that's why I come back
Oh, what I wouldn't do for you

[Pink:]
And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need-ed me
And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need-ed me

[Eminem:]
Starting to think we were made for each other
But one of us in this relationship is raising the other
You remind me of my mother
We drive one another crazy as each other
And we're both adults, so there's no excuse
For the games that we play with each other
Where you at? At a friend's? No, you ain't, mothafucker!
But I give her the benefit of the doubt
Whenever the doubt kicks in, shiver when I touch her
'Cause I love her so much, I'm a sucker
How her bottom lip can quiver when she's in trouble
She's in hot water, think I caught her cheating again
Give her another chance? Another one after that?
I'm swimming in that Egyptian river, 'cause I'm in denial
Say I don't eat shit, but I got a shit-eating grin when I smile
Making an excuse for us to act it out
She's just acting out with her inner child
Then I set the truth on fire
'Cause I'd rather believe a lie
Then I breathe a sigh of relief, I don't believe in
Going to bed mad, I keep on trying
To make a bad girl good
But haven't I stood by you in good times?
And bad? I'm starting to feel like your goddamn dad
'Cause I literally feel like you could die if ever should I
Leave you for good and never would I
It'd be all bad, never understood why they call it goodbye
But I think I'm a pretty damn good guy
And you're a good person too
I can save you, I can make you change
But I keep putting my fucking foot in my mouth
Every time I gotta come and bail you out
When you get in trouble that you get yourself in
And I'm in trouble, but I can't leave, I'll sell you out
I could never turn my fucking back on you—what is that?
I'm co-dependent, I'm just now noticing it
But somehow it's like every time I'm about to go to end it
I ain't got the cojones to do it, nor the heart
Our apartment's tore apart
You're using my heart for a dartboard
But God must've aligned stars for us
'Cause somebody paired us up
And they say He ain't capable of making a mistake
But this one's perfect, 'cause I'm—

[Pink:]
And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need-ed me
And I'm starting to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need-ed meMy name is Marsh and this world, I'm out of it (Out of it)
'Cause with all this A-B-C shit, I'm starting to sound like Alf a bit
Ha, I kill me, this medicine's counterfeit
I was mislead by the sound of it, how am I gonna get turnt up on this Valium shit? (Yeah)

Checked in at the Royal Garden
To chill and avoid my problems
Until paranoia caused me
To feel like I'm going bonkers
For real, think my toilet's talkin'
I spilled like, like forty bottles
Of pills, think your boy is startin'
To feel like a spoiled carton of milk
'Cause it just occurred
My girl's cheatin', I'm kickin' that fucking bitch to the curb
But the word "fucking" ain't meant to be a descriptive word
The type of bitch she is, ain't no adjective, it's a verb
Ho thinks her snatch is magical
But that's how she attracts men, though
Traps 'em and attack similar to an actual arachnid
Or a vaginal tarantula or black widow
In fact it'll be nothin' to throw that lil' bitch with a capital B out the back window
Of the black Cadillac limo like a whack demo
When I'm strapped, when I spit rapid, like a ratchet
A halfwit, I'll aim at, then I'll
Been fire bitch, I can outrap Reynolds
A pad and pen'll be great, but a napkin'll do
Return of the whack sicko
Head spinnin' like Invisibl Skratch Piklz
Yeah, Shady's back, see the bat signal
It's time to go bat shit, like you accidentally ate a Louisville slugger and crapped it
I'd like to introduce myself
Hi there, bitch...

My name is Marsh and, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial
Extra, extra, extra terrestrial (Skrrt, yeah)

I could keep beefin', fuck is the point?
I could make it really difficult for motherfuckers to come to Detroit
If you're still looking for smoke, I already gave you an L
I'd rather just see you in Hell, but I should get Puff on the joint (Diddy)
Wait, run it back, I said give you an L, inhale
Puff on the joint, I am the blunt you avoid
Used to get jumped for my ProWings
When I was growing up they said a Slinky's a wonderful toy
My mother thought I was such a fun little boy
"Oh, what a bundle of joy"
Until the morning she suffered a punch in the groin
From a tantrum I was throwing
Like a motherfuckin' disgruntled employee
I don't cut the beat 'til I fuckin' destroy it
Once I get going, rain, thunder, it's storming
Puddles are forming, I hear somebody's voice
In my head, say it's still a dream
Then he said kill emcees
Trippie Redd, with pills and lean
Sipping meds in the limousine
Getting head, guillotine

My name’s Marsh and, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial (Yeah)
Extra, extra, extra terrestrial

Yeah
So all of y'all can just suck a penis (Suck a penis)
I'll do the opposite (I'll do the opposite)
Eat you pussies like cunnilingus (Like cunnilingus)
There ain't no stoppin' it (There ain't no stoppin' it)
They say I'm such a genius (They say I'm such a genius)
When that Kamikaze hit (When that Kamikaze hit)
Now they call me "butter fingers" (They call me "butter fingers")
'Cause I just keep droppin' shit (I just keep droppin' shit)
You wanna butt heads? Shut up, Beavis, ha ha
I got your bitch with her butt out
I'm hittin' a lick 'cause she stickin' her tongue out (Bitch)
You got no hitters, you might be pitchin' a shut out
She 'bout to give up the dug out (Yeah)
I should just live in a nut house
Right now, I live in an igloo (Yeah)
And I'm not chillin' the fuck out
Treat you like a stepparent, does to a stepchild with red hair and
Plus I get dough like Ed Sheeran, so call me the ginger bread man
I'm a stan of Redman, X-Clan and I'm a Treach fan
But I look up to myself (Yeah)
Like a fucking headstand (Yeah)
So why, w-w-why else, would I call myself an alien?
How could I hit a dry spell? (Yeah), I'm named after the wet lands

I'm Marsh and, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial (Yeah)
My name is Marsh and, my name is, my name is
My name is MarshI don't wanna be alone, I don't wanna be
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

Here I am, alone again
Can't get out of this hole I'm in
It's like the walls are closin' in
You can't help me, no one can
I can feel these curtains closin'
I go to open 'em
But something pulls 'em closed again
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
Feels like I'm loathing in Las Vegas
Haven't got the vaguest why I'm so lost
But I'd make you this small wager
If I bet you, I'll be in tomorrow's paper
Who would the odds favor?
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
I'm so much like my father, you would think that I knew him
I keep pacin' this room valium
Then chase it with booze, one little taste it'll do
Maybe I'll take it and snooze, then tear up the stage in a few
Fuck the Colt 45, I'ma need somethin' stronger
If I pop any caps, it better be off of vodka
Round after round after round, I'm gettin' loaded
That's a lot of shots, huh? (double entendre)
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

And I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

Now I'm starin' at the room service menu off a Benzo
I can hear the music continue to crescendo
I can see the whole fuckin' venue from my window
That's when you know you're schizo
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
'Cause I keep peekin' out the curtain from the hotel
The music is so loud, but it's almost as though
I don't hear no sound, I should get ready for the show now
Wait is this the whole crowd? I thought this shit was sold out
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
But it's only the opening act, it's early, don't overreact
Then something told me relax and just hope for the show to be packed
Don't wanna hit the stage before they fill each row to the max
'Cause that'd be totally wacked, you can't murder a show nobody's at
But what if nobody shows? 
Panic mode 'bout to snap and go motherfuckin' wacko at any second
'Bout to cancel the show, just as fans below rush the entrance
Plan is a go to wreck shit, cameras in all directions
The press is about to go ape shit bananas on all the networks
Commando with extra clips, I got ammo for all the hecklers
I'm armed to the teeth, another valium fall off the bed
Hit the ground and crawl to the dresser
Alcohol on my breath as I reach for the scope
I'm blackin' out, I'm all out of meds
With them benzodiazepines gone
Now it's just magazines sprawled out on the floor
Fuck the media, I'm goin' all out, this is war
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore

People start to show up, time to start the show up
It's 10:05 PM and the curtain starts to go up
And I'm already sweatin' but I'm locked and loaded
For rapid fire spittin' for all the concert-goers
Scopes for sniper vision, surprise from out of nowhere
As I slide the clip in from inside the hotel
Leanin' out the window, going Keyser Söze
Finger on the trigger, but I'm a licensed owner
With no prior convictions, so law says sky's the limit
So my supplies infinite, strapped like I'm a soldier
Got 'em hopping over walls and climbing fences
Some of them John Travolta, staying alive by inches
Cops are knockin', oh, fuck, thought I blocked the entrance
Guess show time is over no suicide note
Just a note for target distance
But if you'd like to know the reason why I did this
You'll never find a motive, truth is I have no idea
I am just as stumped, no signs of mental illness
Just tryin' to show ya the reason why we're so fucked
'Cause by the time it's over, won't make the slightest difference
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore[Obie Trice:]
Obie Trice
Real name no gimmicks

[Eminem:]
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back

I've created a monster
'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
Quicker than a shock
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
When I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)

You waited this long now stop debating
'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating

So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me

So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
Fuck you, Debbie!

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"

A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution
Polluting the air waves a rebel
So just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
You ask for me?

Well I'm back
Fix your bent antennae
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
And up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter

I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards

And Moby
You can get stomped by Obie
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me
You're too old
Let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno

Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol

But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene

No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)

There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'd be so empty without me

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

KidsYeah. You know?.. Critics, man
Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man
You know the one thing I notice about critics, man?
Is critics never ask me how my day went
Well I'mma tell 'em

Yesterday my dog died, I hog-tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said, "Next time you blog, try to spit a flow."
You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter, hot headed as Ghost Rider
Cold-hearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow
So you better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole
Why am I like this? Why is winter cold?
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes?
Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf this is a blisterin' assault
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissing me is just like pissing off the Wizard of Oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers
Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire, you're on fire

I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses if you mistook this for a song, look
This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke, Hogan and David Cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet you're a fuckin' flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan
Mr Mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through anything metal the ass of Iron Man
Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine
Yeah ask Denaun, man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
Fuck it I ain't playing
Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holding a sign saying,
"Vietnam vet," I'm out my fuckin' mind, man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop
Saying you sick quit playing you prick don't nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yelling at air
I ain't even talking to no one 'cause ain't nobody there
Nobody will fuckin' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare
I'm wasting punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so hot my motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire, homie
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to give the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire, you're on fire
You're on fire[Verse 1:]
Girl, you give me writer's block
I'm at a loss for words, uhh
My mind's as lost as yours
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
Never seen no ass as large as yours
How much that cost? That's what I call the cost to splurge
You drive me bonkers, I’m about to get my swerve on for sure
Thought I was pimpin' 'til I felt like Nas, the first
Date cause I think I gave you power, when I gave you flowers in a vase
A box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and Certs
Probably should've never let me call that job of yours
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
Should've been one of the first signs to cause alert
Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I just can't be apart from her
Cause nobody's body's awesomer, I lust it and she loves me
Cause I'm popular, but you know this ain't love

[Hook - Jamie N Commons:]
You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love (What is it then?)
It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her)
It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight, cause I give in at the sight of her)
(And I here I go again)

[Verse 2:]
You were obviously oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you
Till I went to the lengths I did to meet you
Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning
Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery, ah
Cause now you see nothing but me, and I don't see nothing but you
And I'm about to flip cause we are super glued in
We stuck to each other's hips and we can't
Do anything individually, which is to cling on, scared to be alone
Can't, specifically describe it I just can't seem to give a reason
This definitive, just need you, talking bout I live and breathe you
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically
Addicted to me as Wiz Khalifa is to reefer
Don't wanna be without you
Don't wanna be with you neither, bitch
Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek
Cause this ain't love

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else
"What the fuck you whispering for?
You get on my nerves, you make me sick
I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the
Games behind your frame of mind ain't the same as mine
I think you need to finish developing a little more mentally too"
Get the picture
That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the keys up
To the crib, ever again, no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's
You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? The lease up
I'm just mad the time it took to discover
You were using me for loot like I used you for looks
Oh, thought you was too good for me, huh? yeah
Toots, used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack
But I can't stomach this, I'm leaving you, I'm not coming back
She said, "The fuck with that, where's my Louisville Slugger at?"
She grabbed that fucking bat and swung it at my head
I barely ducked and that's right
When she came up with a kick to the nuts twice, steel toe
Girl probably coulda put a 100-yard field goal through the uprights

[Hook][Verse 1]
In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed,
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics
Who wait for me to slip with it so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling and I am not failing
You fuckers are not ready, 'cause I got jelly like (Beyonce's) pot belly
This is Destiny, yes money I'm off running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

[Chorus:]
No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all
'til I get a call that god's coming
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny
I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me, no apologies

[Verse 2]
My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow, I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow, hand's on my head, touched knees to elbow
I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over, these cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me
I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough, so keep playing it and stand next to the subs
I choke mic's like asphyxiation when I'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin'
Fuck yeah I'm a basket case and I mastered this rap shit, 'til my ass gets wasted, 'til my assassination,
'Til I'm slain 'cause of some fag's infatuation
44 mags a fascination, a taste for disaster and if that's the case then...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
This song isn't for you, it's for me, a true MC
It's what it do just to see if he still has it
And if his skills mastered,
He's able to spill raps long after his killed, that's a real MC
Got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly
You still agree, as long as there's still this hunger and will in me
Then expect a longer life expectancy
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside
I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an mourning
So I'm warning you, don't coax me
It's silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be fooled
The press blows up this whole thing, it's stupid
They don't know 'cause they don't see that I'm wounded
All they did was ballooned it
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos cartoon did
That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin'
And they can suck my dick while I'm pukin', and you too, you can

[Outro x2]
Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC
This is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G, my hearts frozen it don't even beat
So expect no apologies[Eminem]
Yeah boy,
dem better to ring the alarm boy,
Dem know what's coming boy,

[Verse 1]
Oh my God, fucking Bomboclat
I'm hard as Kenard, the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire,
Tie a whore up with barbwire, nothing but a bra boy,
I'm the real deal, and charbroil her on the bonfire,
And Bon Voyage bitch, I'm like Chef Boyar-
-dee in this bitch; send a bomb to my moms lawyer
Im a problem for ya, boy you think your Tom Sawyer,
Til I pull you out the fucking story book and stomp on ya,
Fucking fictitional characters and fariytales,
Prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris Wheels,
But it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real
Them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero shield
Mister fly-by-the-seat-of-his-pants parasail
Fall, hit the trampoline, bounce and grab a pair of stilts
And I aint wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada,
Like you fa'da fucking you're ma'da

[Chorus]
Drop the bomb on em,
Please don't drop the bomb on me,
Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on them,
I don't want no doggone beef,
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me,
Drop the bomb on em,
Please don't drop the bomb on me,
Shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on em
I dont want the dog on me,
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me,

[Verse 2]
Boy, I'm the real McCoy,
You little boys can't even fill voids,
Party's over kids, kill the noise,
Here come the kill joys,
Me and Dre the steel alloys,
The rap crown royals,
Who scalp cowboys
Now how that sound for ya,
Yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya,
So kick ya shoes off in the foyer
Have a sound voyage,
And sayonara see ya fuckers tommorow,
Get some R and R and marinate in some marinara,
And have a coke and a smile, dont make me open a jar,
Whip ass on ya, thats the last straw your hoping to draw,
Yeah you fresher than most boy, I'm just doper than all boy,
Boy I'm that boy, boy them boys boy them no up to par,
I just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot,
There aint no boy who can do what I do boy I'm a star,
Boy, I told you boy, I'm a Soldier boy, I'm DeShaun,
Holten in this bitch, I'm the Proof boy your a fraud,
I'll destroy ya boy, fuck around and blow ya to sod
Oh my god boy, you didn't go there, no you did not,
I got a whole story board for you, boy your da plot,
Your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not,
Apology not accepted boy, Detroit is a rock,
We get to beefing, aint no telling at what point it will stop,
All I got to do is point to the spot,
When the bomb drops boy does it drop,
And when it does boy there's a problem,

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Boy dont jinx yourself,
Boy I'm Michael Spinks with the belt,
Stringer Bell boy, my name rings bells for itself,
I'm sick as hell boy,
You better run and tell someone else,
Bringing hell, boy singing telegrams will get dealt,
And to that boy on them sedative meds
Who said he was better,
I bet he never seen Freddie in a Black and red little sweater,
Back better than ever,
The chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder
I'll settle vendettas a little later,
Giving haters incubators, think ya made a mistake,
By saying shady was ghost I aint even close the gate
You 'bout one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave,
Im bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day
So hey wouldn't you say I'm the shit,
Couldn't agree with ya more, If you were to say that my fuckin shit doesn't stink,
Shady fuckin' Aftermath boy, the ship doesn't sink,
It just floats in the fucking water, till we fill up the tank,

[Chorus]Whatever...
Dre, just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo...

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me (speak to me)...
I don't know you and no,
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet (lifting you 10 feet)... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you (of all you)...
I don't mean to be mean, but that's all I can be it's just me

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father,
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)...
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn)... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class city
Having this happening (this happening)...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way (rap this way)...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned

[Chorus:]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is... "
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions (fucking questions)...
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy (driving me crazy)... I can't take it
I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit, in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad

[Chorus:]
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I amI'm a goat
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!

This is the part I was worried about
everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes
and I'm in some dusty garage inhaling them carbon monoxide fumes
and everyone's telling me what I should do
and how I should come out and what to rap about
and I know I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out
and I'm not sure how this is gonna come off
they're probably gonna think that I'm coming off as cocky (haha)
like I just started giving a fuck what you really think about me
see, the thing about me
is you don't really know a thing about me
everyone's making a stink about me
like there's some kind of a aura of that of the king around me
surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers, and bangers
and the most dangerous criminals
and I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors
but, see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave
but why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other emcees?
so when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-z
please, be that just subliminally
means he thinks Jigga's the best and that he's
the only one up in that league, see
and it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is
knowing god damn well that I'm one of the best motherfucking rappers who ever lived period.

I'm a goat
and I don't mean to gloat
but I know what I know and I know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!

Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game
so they gotta go try to find em a new Eminem
or a new Shady, if they think it's gonna happen
man, I thought I was crazy
or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way
so let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way
see, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringing up that Paul Wall's white
cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see, he's just aight
and Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write
because he's so caught up in that snow white
that Timbaland can't even get him in the studio
he's so gone off that coke, right
and it's so sad, cause he's dope, right
America's next great white hope, right
so now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny ass white rapper show, right
and which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about
they said it'd be real, I'm just spillin' it out
there's somethin' about a white boy talking black and runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth
and I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit
"Isn't it ironic that the best rapper's white and the best golfer's black?"
and I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack offa' that
but these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had came out
but I had already hit middle America
Parents had all got to likin' me now
when suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy
all of the hatred for me must've died
thought I committed career suicide so I had to turn back into the bad guy
so faggoty faggoty faggoty gays
and anatomy God made Raggedy Ann and Andy
not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy
and Angelina Jolie is just another ho
and Brad is a sucka' because once I fuck her
she wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby
you know what I say? No
You better save some of them kids from Madonna
she needs all the publicity she can get
you want a Shady? Well, you got it, man
I ain't apologizin' for shit.

I'm a goat
and I don't mean to gloat
but I know what I know and I know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!

Man, I'm takin' my ball and goin' home, man
shit is too easy
nobody even wants to pass me the ball cause
(I'm a goat)
so don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game
and y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best
but y'all know that
(I'm a goat)
and like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best
before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch
but before I go, I'd like to say fuck you very much to everybody who wasn't there from the start
and thank you very much to everybody who was
and y'all ain't gotta say it, just think it
cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that you know
(I'm a goat)
(hahahaha)
I'm out, y'all
it's been real, peaceIt may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Drake:]
Last name Ever
First name Greatest
Like a sprained ankle boy I ain't nothing to play with
Started off local but thanks to all the haters
I know G-IV pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown, Nino
She insist she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo
Dropped the mixtape that shit sounded like a album
Who'd have thought a country-wide tour'd be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah nigga I'm about my business
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it at least you got to witness
Bitches

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Kanye West:]
Ever ever
Mr. West is in the building
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams
Big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
I went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story my glory
I had raped the game young
You can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gon' build statues of me
Old money Benjamin Button, what, nothing
Now super bad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasn't
You're such a fucking loser
He ain't even go to class Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull the cameras out and God damn they snap
I used to want this thing forever y'all can have it back

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Lil Wayne:]
OK, hello it's the Martian
Space Jam Jordans
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target
If I had one guess then I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for this is my theme park
My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne that's what they got to say or mention
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer
I'm resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover
Shh, my foot's sleeping on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Eminem:]
There they go, packing stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, Macadamian they go so ballistic, whoa
He can make them look like Bozos
He's wondering if he should spit this slow
Fuck no! Go for broke
His cup just runneth over, oh no
He ain't have a buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
They've been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as before
Bashing in the brains of these hoes
And establishing a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited
You can't put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot
You dealing with a few true villains
Who stand inside of the booth truth spilling
And spit true feelings, until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths
Now rewind it!
Payback motherfucker for the way that you got at me how's it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place
I'm Hannibal Lecter so just in case you're thinking of saving face
You ain't gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place
So Drake

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever manGood mornin
Haha, wake your mother fuckin asses up
Yo what is the what?
Well come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleepin on my roof bitch

For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin my arse whipped
Cause I'ma have the last lift that ever gets arse squished
I just can't get past these little pissants
That wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
And they so mad they can't stand it
Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk)
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap and it's a wrap, and it's a scrap an then it isn't rap is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old fashioned but my pashion 
Is to smash anyone rappin without havin a slappin 
Believe me I'd much rather pick up a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
Cause I'm tellin you right now your not gonna like it
Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me
You poke a stick at a pitbull you get bit B
These words stick to you like crazy glue
When you diss me cause they just bounce off me like bullets do fifty!
I'm the beatiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl acci-dently (argghhh!!)
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy & Proof are you with me?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

[Swifty]
?? the media pitted me of a beef starter
In a party with heat it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs I'm walkin gloves with a shotgun
Constantly popin slugs they hot son, better not run
The bosses of all bosses a haluocaust to whoever ain't concious
In a house full of dog shit, 
I'ma gothic death project, you stop breathin 
You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
It ain't about what you readin
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
Either that or we'll be beefin free when 
You ******* need a 'E' just to speak shit!
Your leader is a botique bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
****** I did it from a mind of a mental patient
When glocks wave you can save that conversation for satan
You brave?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

[Kuniva]
Yo yo I heard you niggas don't like us
But so what this beef is like 
'What tha fuck did he say in his rap Em?'
I can see that he's just a punk 
I mean these niggas squeeze on me 
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks
Am I empty seein them ?? I emtpy out them ?? to fight you 
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphores I get yours across when I write
So emotions enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT!" 
I might as well give this up like heavy sales
And just fuck an leave D12 and this blunt 
We can't self destruct
I've never felt it this much
Come on fellas, get up
We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life

[Kon Artis]
I walk with a limp, pistol hangin off'a tha hip
I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fith
Your carcus is split even the beef is partially thick
We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
You probaly wish that you could be out shootin them G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze
I can't believe you speaking on movin key's
But every time we hear you kick it 
The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets
I look wicked cause niggas will test your nut sack
So when they bust you better bust back 
And get your guts clapped outa your stomach
And when they want it (yeah)
I bring a hundred niggas from runave
So get your gun and if you comin

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an[Liz Rodrigues and Eminem:]
I built this castle
Now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry we’re alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you’ll sing along
This is your song
I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared
To do whatever, to do whatever
December 1st, 1995, dear Hailie
This is your song

[Eminem:]
You'll be coming out of Mommy's stomach soon
I better do something quick if I'ma be able to support you
I can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy
That's all that matters for the time being
But obviously assuming you will be
Just thinking ahead, I’ma make it if it kills me
Let’s see how far I can take it with this music
I'm getting sick of chasing this illusion
Sorry for sloppy writing
The pen in my hand is shaking, please excuse me
Dad’s a little nervous, but at the same time excited
If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write them
With the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm
As I'm using in this letter, maybe they can feel me as I'm
Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl
For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl
Welcome to Mom and Dad’s crazy world
Love, Daddy, maple flavored kisses, buttered pancakes, and syrup

[Liz Rodrigues and Eminem:]
I built this castle
Now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry we're alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you'll sing along
This is your song
I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared
To do whatever, to do whatever
December 1st, 1996, dear Hailie

[Eminem:]
You got your momma's personality, same eyes as I got
Her beautiful smile, but your ears are the same size as mine are
Sorry for that, a little minor mishap
But you'll grow into them, baby, I'm on the grind now
I'm doing little shows, open mics, all-nighters at studios
While I'm tryna keep the lights on
Why does it seem like I'm so close to this dream, yet so far?
I just keep steering, I'ma turn into someone
I haven't the slightest clue what I'ma do if it falls through
You took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon
My Infinite CD flopped, too many soft tunes
They're talking bad about Dad, it's ticking me off too
Makes me feel like I don't belong or something, ooh
I think I might have just stumbled onto something new
Got a prediction for the future, I'm hoping that you
Open this envelope when you're older and it holds true

[Liz Rodrigues and Eminem:]
I built this castle
Now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry we're alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you'll sing along
This is your song
I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared
To do whatever, to do whatever
December 24th, 2007, dear Hailie

[Eminem:]
Now if you found these letters, I guess I better try to explain
A lot's happened in between them since I rised to this fame
I've said your name but always tried to hide your face
This game is crazy, I wanted to claim my love for you, but dang
I never knew it'd be like this, if I did I wouldn't have done it
You ain't asked for none of this shit, now you're being punished?!
Things that should've been private with me and your mother is public
I can't stomach, they can take this fame back, I don't want it
I'll put out this last album then I'm done with it
One-hundred percent finished
Fed up with it, I'm hanging it up, fuck it
Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know
That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold
And if things should worsen, don't take this letter I wrote
As a goodbye note, 'cause your dad's at the end of his rope
I'm sliding down a slippery slope
Anyways sweetie, I better go
I'm getting sleepy, love, Dad… shit, I don't know[CHORUS]
All I see is murder murder, my mind state - [2Pac]
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate - [Swift]
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!
[2x]

Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands
But shit is in my hands, here's your life span
For what your life's worth this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and live a nice land
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets ya description an' sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cuz I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin' the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"
But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest

[CHORUS 2x]

Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out
Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin': "Son, go in and call the police
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And colliding with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "TRUCE TRUCE!"
Surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps

[CHORUS 2x ]

[CHORUS scratches to fade out]Before I start this song, man
I just wanna thank everybody for being so patient
And bearing with me over these last couple of years
While I figure this shit out

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes
But there was no one who even knew I was going through growin' pains
Hatred was flowing through my veins
On the verge of going insane
I almost made a song dissing Lil Wayne
It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin'
I felt horrible about myself
He was spitting and I wasn't
Anyone who was buzzing back then coulda got it
Almost went at Kanye too
God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic
Thank God that I didn't do it
I'da had my ass handed to me
And I knew it but Proof isn't here to see me through it
I'm in the booth popping another pill tryna talk myself into it
Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissing people for no reason?
Especially when you can't even write a decent punchline even
You're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying
Your health is declining with your self-esteem, you're crying out for help

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow
All I know is I'm wallowin', self-loathing and hollow
Bottoms up on the pill bottle
Maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echoes in this hall though
But I must be talking to the wall though
I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talking to myself)
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know
I've turned into a hater, I've put up a false bravado
But Marshall is not an egomaniac that's not his motto
He's not a desperado he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled
Inside him, one foot on the brake one on the throttle
Falling asleep with writer's block in the parking lot of McDonald's
But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something about it
Admit you got a problem you brain is clouded you pouted long enough
It isn't them it's you you fuckin' baby
Quit worrying about what they do and do shady
I'm fucking going crazy

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice suffice this time around
It's different them last two albums didn't count
Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushing em out
I've come to make it up to you now, no more fucking around
I've got something to prove to fans 'cause I feel like I've let em down
So please accept my apology I finally feel like I'm back to normal
I feel like me again, let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know
The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no
Signs of slowing up, pulling up, blowing up, all over
My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over homos
I'm back with a vengeance, homie,
Weezy keep ya head up,
T.I., keep ya head up,
Kanye, keep ya head up,
Don't let up, just keep slaying em
Rest in Peace to DJ AM
'Cause I know what it's like
I struggle with this shit every single day and um...

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
So there it is (there it is)
Damn
It feels like I just woke up or something
I guess I just... forgot who the fuck I was man
Ay yo
And to anybody I thought about going at, it was never nothing personal, just some shit I was going through
And to everybody else...
I'm back! (I'm back) ha-ha[50 Cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha

[Chorus]
Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down

[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad

[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches

[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus

[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass

[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!

[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved

[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally

[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week

[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker

[Eminem]
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me [gun shots]
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.[Spray can being shook up and sprayed several times]

[RBX:]
Remember me? ("Step in, execution")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm 'High Powered'")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")

For this one it's the X, you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries
Which qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
Cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch
That got "Banned From TV" - heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw

[Sticky Fingaz:]
Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga 'Bacdafucup'")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")

Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no!!!"
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This vet is ahead of
The shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably sayin, "He ain't a killer", but I'm killin myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}

[Eminem:]
Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm Shady!")

When I go out, I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image
So I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin" for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
("Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?")
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
With M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PBBT! You faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
And re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at, nigga?)

Don't you remember me?!
Remember me?!!
Remember me??!
REMEMBER ME!!!!Detroit!

[Dej Loaf:]
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static
I swear I love my city, I just want a little static
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static
Detroit vs. Everybody

[Royce Da 5'9":]
I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree
All these females need to email to make noise
And now things changin' a lot, he fuck with my authority
Then he shall sea shells, but not by the seashore
If he gang bangin' or not
It's simple as the alphabet
He F with me, that G shall surely see
He definitely is 'bout it, it's retail fraud, he's sweet
The honest gesture
The trigger finger 'round the diamond tester, we tell flaw with heat
The same soldier, it's me, myself and I
Ridin' 'round shootin' my biopic and my autobiography
Range Rover, this ain't the squash beef state
You thinkin' makeup, we thinkin' Lark Voorhies face
The Twin Eagles ol' air his coup might as well ride by in the ambulance
My pair ol' shoot like sky divin' in Hammer pants
So call it siblinп rivalry
Take his life, call it the unforgivable robbery
A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like
Lettin' somebody just live inside of your head rent free
Real talk, I don't got time to evict these clowns
Y'all niggas been bitches, that's none of my business, but I don't sip tea
(That's Nickel) Ridin' around this block
All we knows is pitfalls, that's why he's always climbin' out his drop
(I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die?

[Big Sean:]
Shawn Don
(Welcome to Detroit)
Boy I need no half's a half, I want the game in entirety
Hundred percent cut, no stitches required
Welcome to Detroit where is you get that promotion
Don't worry, man those bullets will still be at your ass firin'
I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpiring
Boy hit the beat & just treat that shit like it's a diary
I'm offended if you hear my new shit and you ain't rewindin' me
Self made, I've never needed your bail or a wire, see
I'm never callin' collect, I call to collect
My homie wanted a Chevy so I put my dawg in a vet
Ha plus I'm so loyal that that paper, boys, is all that I fetch
If the the ball in my hand then the ball in the net
Bitch I'm the D, can't no offense dunk on me
I'm Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me
I'm over respected, my mama gated community's over protective
So futuristic, I'm already over my next bitch
Reminiscin' all listening to 50 fifty times a day
Back when tenth grade was like 50 days away
Tryin' to get paid 50 ways a day
Used to put 50 on the layaway, now my closet 50 shades of grey
Twenty six and I done lived a life time a few times
From futons to Grey Poupon's
In church tryin' to get a little savings, yeah coupon
I spit that A1 every day, I'm hittin' new primes
Now the stakes high, niggas surprised at the new lines
Takin' down my number like "you still ain't got a new line?"
Naw it's the same, we been laborin' for years
I know it took way longer than nine months, but fuck it, it's all in due time
I turned a blunt to a roach with dreams of bein' a Beatle though
Don't want to, I need to, gotta learn to keep it cerebral
When you come up in a place where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful
This is just part one, wait 'til the sequel

[Dej Loaf:]
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static
I swear I love my city, I just want a little static
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static
Detroit vs. Everybody

[Danny Brown:]
Comin' from them streets where they thirsty, starvin' to eat
Just a step away from failin', that's why they call it the D
Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty
Honestly no honor roll, but honored up in them streets
Cause I'm a Linwood nigga, them young niggas hit ya
Put a stack on your head, you'll bleed a lake on Grand River
If you think your hood harder then I might beg to differ
Know some killas pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller
If the blicka hit ya kisser, bet yo ass not remembering
They say my city's tougher than two fat bitches scissorin'
So nigga I'm a veteran, retire my letterman
Had K's in front ya school, but I ain't going to Ketteran
Cough up a lung, 313 where I'm from
Ghan got me cross eyed like Bernstein's son
Any nigga try to copy, put a hole in his top
It's us vs. them, Detroit vs Everybody

[Eminem:]
Lately it seems as if it's me against the world
Like it was before my life became a movie
And they used to use my mother fuckin' trailer to tease me with
But I flipped that script like a refilla a
Painkillers to pop that lid off that safety seal
It made me feel amazing, navy seal of bravery
And if I may reiterate, I ain't even need a script
Ain't bein' conceited
But I made it to radio, eat a dick
I still never ABC'D the shit
Mainstream appeal but the skill is what made me iller
Since before they called Jay Dee Dilla
I was daydreamin' one day I would be the shit
And if I ever end up escapin' the streets I swear that I would stay here
Still in it, I'm crazy, I'll always be real
Don't make me steal an eighteen-wheeler
Break all of my friends out of here and take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer
Peel off back to the same block that we came from, on a rampage to crazy?
For me to flip
What's makin' you think I need a switch? Cause I'm Adrian Peterson
When he's raging and heated and on the way to go beat his kid
On the track get spanked like he just did
(Detroit!) I can't never leave this bitch
Sick of bein' treated like me and shit
But Jesus, I can see just why people quit callin' me to do features
And them cyphers on BET cause if
I wasn't me, I probably wouldn't wanna play with me neither, shit
Seems to be reachin' it's fever pitch
One hundred and eighty degrees in here
Shoulder blade full of cedar chips
MC's just bit off more than they can chew like a face full of Swedish Fish
Or Lorena with a two penises
Hateful and genius ness, inconvenience
And for the record, you don't want this type of static in your life
When I'm makin' you cling
May consider tryin' to reinsulate ya windows may be in or another crazy winter
Cause so cold in the D, it is as days begin to tick away
But ain't this really what made me into the angry bitter blond
But ain't we sick of bein' underdogs
Don't make me unleash this shit, release this Pit
May even seem as if
I'm yankin' your chain a bit or maybe the way in which I'm sayin' shit
Is playin' with ya but ain't shit changin'
And it's still the same shit and Shady's still a lady killer
Since the day I went insane and then attacked the babysitter
With the potato peeler mushed her face into the entertainment center
It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again
The Bermuda Triangle and attempted to make a safe descent
Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated, it could be danger
Did you make arrangements with the gangsters 'for you came here?
And if they mention us

[Dej Loaf:]
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static
I swear I love my city, I just want a little static
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static
Detroit vs. Everybody

[Trick Trick:]
What up though, it's the godfather Trick Trick. You either ridin' with us or gettin' rolled on. That means Detroit vs. Everybody! Hey Em let me get that instrumental take it down to the hood, let the little homies get this remix crackin'.

Detroit!
Okay! [echo]Hey, yo
(This song's about)
My, my stepdad
(Let's see if this ever happened to you)
I, I hate
My, my stepdad

One thing that sticks in my craw
When I was six and I saw my stepfather hittin' my mom
Socked her right in her eyeball
I'm startin' to think I'm psychotic
With all the pictures that I draw of
Shit that I already witnessed, this probably twisted my thoughts
All I can hear is drama with mom and him
I can always hear 'em arguin' down the hallways
The walls are thin so the noise is startin' to feel like the norm
My dog pissed on the carpet, he stomped it so hard
Doctors had to put it down
He killed my chihuahua, this motherfucker

I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)

Outside, I look like I'm calm
Inside, I'm a tickin' time bomb
'Cause of this motherfucker, who sticks his dick in my mom (My mom)
Last night, he said I left the kitchen light on
But he walked in there this morning and purposely flipped it, I saw him
Hickory switch to my bottom, I counted sixty-nine times
He swatted me with it, I'm cryin'
He just started hittin' me harder
God, I wish I could just jaw him
If I could get my weight up
But I'm just a second grader
This prick is bigger than I am
But I've been readin' at school about this shit called liquid cyanide
I'm fantasizin' at night when he's sleepin' at just the right time
Sneak up with a lethal injection
And put him down like they did to my dog
I'm talkin' euthanasia (Euthanasia), like kids in Taiwan
This fuckin' shit's like Saigon
Neighbors called police on him
So many battery charges, this dude's like lithium ion
Then mom and him let bygones (Bygones)
Just be bygones
So on eggshells, I walk and just try not to piss this guy off
But this is why I

I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)

So this year, I'm goin' to the fifth and I'm tall
I'm five foot six on my block, I'm the toughest kid but I got
Way bigger fish to fry
Which is why I'm tryin' to get this bitch to fly off
The hand'll wait for the fist to fly off to put this guy in a pine box
He's always lookin' for chaos but tonight I've cooked up a plan
So this Christmas, I got some color books and some crayons
I'm layin' on the floor, in the living room with some friends colorin'
He walks by, kicks my arm and goes "Whoops" and just laughs
I yelled for mom (Mom) and as she's rushin' to my defense
I stood up and said, "Fuck you punk" and I took off and ran
To my bedroom, as I fled
Knowin' shit would hit the fan
Slammed the door and hid behind it with an aluminum bat
He kicked it in
I swung it hard as I could at his head
His noodle went splat, he fell right at the foot of my bed
I'm a little bit scared but my anger's overtooken the fear
I threw down the bat and just started whoopin' his ass
Beat him with my bare hands, the big bad wolf ain't so bad
"Ding-dong," the pussy is dead, the bully finally gets his
Stomped him until he pissed enough to fill a two liter wein
Then buried him next to my dog
And if I go to juvie for this, I'ma tell 'em

I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)
'Cause I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)[Spoken introduction:]
D.M.C. we have a mid 30s male
Found down unresponsive
Possible over dose
Substance unknown
Pulse is 60 and thready
Respiration's 8 he's intubated
And we're bagging him now
Uuh B.P. 90 over palp
Patient cool pale and diaphoretic
Has aspirated
Uuh G.S.C. is 3
We'll update en route
E.T.A. 10 minutes

As I fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate
Start off with the NyQuil like I think I'll just have a taste
Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate
To a harder prescription drug called Valium like ya that's great
I go to take just one and I end up like having eight
Now I need something in my stomach cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think with all I have at stake
Look at my daughter's face... "Mommy, something is wrong with dad, I think.
He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me.
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me.
And all he does is eat dorritos and cheetos.
And he just fell asleep in his car eating three musketeers in the rear seat."

Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before.
So lonely and cold.
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like déjà vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know...

Maybe just a nice cold brew what's a beer
That's the devil in my ear I been sober a fucking year
And that fucker still talks to me he is all I can fucking hear
Marshall, come on, we'll watch the game it's the cowboys and buccaneers.
And maybe if I just drink half I'll be half buzzed for half of the time
Who's that mastermind behind that little line?
With that kind of rational man I got half a mind
To have another half of glass of wine sound asinine
Ya I know
But I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch, look out for the wall aim for the couch I'm about to fall
I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball
Shit must have knocked me out 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all
Wow, what the fuck happened last night, where am I?
Man fuck am I hungover and god damn I got a head ache
Shit half a Vicodin, why can't I?
"All systems ready for take off, please, stand by"

Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold,
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door,
Kinda feels like déjà vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know...

So I take a vicodin splash it hits my stomach and ah
A couple weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high
Now I need it just not to feel sick ya I'm getting by
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if deshaun didn't die
Oh ya there's an excuse you lose proof so you use
There's new rules it's cool if it's helping you to get through
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze
What else is new? Fuck it, what would Elvis do in your shoes?
Now here I am three months later full blown relapse
Just get high until the kids get home from school homes relax
And since I'm convinced that I'm insomniac I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take 3 naps
Just to be able to function throughout the day let's see
That's an Ambien each nap how many Valium? Three.
And that will average out to about one good hours sleep
OK, so now you see the reason how come he
Has taken four years just to put out an album beat
See me and you we almost had the same outcome heath
Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia thing
It was Bologna was it the methadone ya think
Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos
Your VCR tape cases with you Ambient CR great places to hide ain't it
So you can lie to Hallie
I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor... Damn

Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know,
Feels like I been down this road before,
So lonely and cold,
It's like something takes over me,
Soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like déjà vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't.
And why? I just don't know...[Nate Ruess:]
Mom, I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off, and I'm fucked up?
And, Mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink, yeah.

[Nate Ruess:]
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

[Eminem:]
I went in headfirst
Never thinking about who what I said hurt, in what verse
My mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are
Did I take it too far?
"Cleaning Out My Closet" and all them other songs
But regardless I don't hate you 'cause, Ma,
You're still beautiful to me, 'cause you're my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm, our house was Vietnam
Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb equivalent to Chemical warfare
And forever we can drag this on and on
But, agree to disagree
That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve (little prick just leave)
Ma, let me grab my fucking coat, anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each other's throats?
Especially when dad, he fucked us both
We're in the same fucking boat, you'd think that it'd make us close (nope)
Further away it drove us, but together headlights shine, a car full of belongings
Still got a ways to go, back to grandma's house it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old,
And that's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

[Nate Ruess:]
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

[Eminem:]
'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though
'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand babies grow
But I'm sorry, Mama, for "Cleaning Out My Closet", at the time I was angry
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though,
'cause now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own,
But now the medications taken over
And your mental state's deteriorating slow
And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though
But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster care, that cross you bear, few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you, Debbie Mathers, oh, what a tangled web we have,
'cause one thing I never asked was
Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address
But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
Someone ever moved them from me? That you coulda bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them
And although one has only met their grandma once
You pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me
As we pulled off to go our separate paths,
And I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad
So, Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet
I guess I had to get this off my chest,
I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashing
So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you get this message that I'll always love you from afar
'Cause you're my Ma

[Nate Ruess:]
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

[Nate Ruess:]
I want a new life (start over)
One without a cause (clean slate)
So I'm coming home tonight (yeah)
Well, no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Well, just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh, even if there's songs to sing
Well, my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So I never say, "Goodbye, cruel world."
Just know that I'm alright
I am not afraid to die

[Nate Ruess:]
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I want a new lifeHey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man, 
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first, 
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first, 
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first, 
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say, 
I'm fresh, I'm fresh

[Thyme:]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula

[Chorus: Thyme]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess

[Chorus: Thyme]
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic manÅ
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shitHey what up man?
What up dog?
Ya heard?
Chillen, cold as hell
Yes it is, hey Busta didn't come here did he?
No, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke
We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short
Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah, look..
You should just, how much you got there?
I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean..
Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
You know what look, I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man
You gotta make some moves or something
I know look, I'm trying to get rich,
I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car,
you know what I'm saying?
I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms
Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,
you know what I'm saying? Cause I'm tired of being broke

[Verse 1:]
Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
Cause man I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free
Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see
I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery
I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree
You missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea
Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course
When shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star

[Chorus:]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man?
Cause that's it
Yeah
A million dollars ain't even that far away man
Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life
Yeah I hear what your saying,
look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying?
I can't live like this for the rest of my life man,
bumming rides everywhere I go
Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'?

[Verse 2:]
Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose
The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got
Fuck with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot
The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme
Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time
My crews true and divine, we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man planning what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star

[Chorus:]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player,
I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President
Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king,
making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know
You only live once
ninety six babyA lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit I don't know
But I do know - I'm back now.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Dre. I'm down here under the ground
Pick me up, broken tibias fibias yeah fix me up
60 sluts, all of them dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of oxipads
Enough oxi-cotton to send a fucking ox to rehab
Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match (He can't say that)
Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next of kin, tell em shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again
Throw a fucking lesbian into wet cement
Faggidy, faggidy, fagidy, ragidy Ann and Andy,
NO! Ragidy, Andy and Andy
NO! It can't be, it can't be
Yes it can be, the fucking Antichrist back Danny and Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville, calamity god damn it insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax
Through every nook and cranny looking for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk
Negligee lookie
Razor blades with me to make you bleed,
Cases of Maybelline make-up laying on the table of weed
Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me
Until he jumps out of the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Six semen samples, 17 strands of hair
Found at the back of a van after the shooting at the vanity fare
Hannah Montanna prepare to elope from a can opener and be cut open like a cantaloupe and canopy beds
Glad bags, yeah glad to be back, 'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dead in rehab
Fucking doctor, I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Biting into a fucking Vicadin like I'm a viking
Oh! Lightning is striking, oh might be a fucking sign, not like I need a psychic
Evaluation fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Tell the critics I'm back and coming to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions and split a bag of fonions
Mad at me understandable, cannibal shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult!
Captain of a cult, with an elite following to turn Halloween back into a trick or treat holiday
Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar, swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with 40's
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine sat him in a fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm street with a fucking wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissor Hands too
Came out with a little scratch, ooh
Looking like I got in a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose
Insanity, can it be vanity, where is the humanity
And having a twisted fantasy with an arm and leg amputee
Straight jacket with a hundred eight brackets
With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it
Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to,
Get it? Headed off to (haha)
Medic this headache's awful
This anesthetic is pathetic so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

So, it wasn't a choice, it was I had to do this.
And now I'm 90 days clean and uh, that's all I have to share.
Thanks.

Thanks for sharing Brian, is there anyone else who would like to share this evening?

Yeah I got something I want to share.
When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here baby boy, just come here to me
You're a cock boy, everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So homie lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down lay down.

Where's everybody going? This always went over real big in gay a
OK wait, I got another one

I just love condoms and lots of cum, no? Oh, shit.Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]

Man, I got everything candy-painted
Candy-painted tint, shit's so dark
I'd be lying if I said I ain't hit
at least nine of my friends
Plus, I got so much candy paint in my rims
Paint be flyin' off my car
Be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids
I got that whole block lookin' like it's Candyland
Ask about me, man, they be like, there go the candy man
I park the car in the garage and go in and
Come back the next mornin'
The rims are still spinnin'
Hit the wheels on that Phantom, man, that shit looks like the Batmobile
32-inch rims, shit, I ain't even got no wheels
Custom-fitted, custom-kitted wood grain
Custom everything, what's that on the seat?
Custom mustard stain
Now let's go hit the mall, y'all know that we finna ball
Get out the car, they be like, "Ah, there go them superstars!"
Hit every single store, flash a fucking wad of cash
but I ain't buying shit, bitch
Kiss my candy-painted ass
We...

Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hit the corner liquor store
To get Corona, tip the owners
Sipped it on the way out as I dipped, I wanna rip the road up
And I'ma hit the cinema and I'ma get the hoes,
When I be it, I be it, shit, anything goes
I'm ballin' out of control, girls know I'm loaded with dough
But, shit, I'm stingy as fuck
I'm fuckin' stingy as hoes
These bitches don't get a crumb, and it come
but I'm like what up
Shut up, bitch, sit up, get up off them knees
My candy paint's enough
If you're lucky, I'll let you hug me, but that's all you get
Then I'ma split, disappear, a cloud of smoke is all you see
Yeah...

Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]

Bitch, get the fuck out my car if we ain't finna fuck
I'm horny as fuck, bitch, are you suckin' my dick or what?
I'll fuck a chick in the butt, I really don't give a shit
Is pretty Marshall gonna have to go choke me a bitch?
You fuckin' keyed up my Benz
Bitch, I beat up my friends
Don't think I won't beat a bitch
I'll kick a six-year-old in the ribs
You fuckin' retard, I'll have you suckin' farts out my seat
I'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat
What the fuck do you think that colostomy bag is for, looks?
I ain't waste nine bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks
I fuckin' take a Make a Wish Foundation patient with me
How 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution IV?
Turn around and use it on me
You tryna snort on my keys?
You fuckin' broad, get in back, you're comin' to Florida with me,
Tell your momma I'ma drop you off at the hospital later
We finna make this run
Take this gun and cover me, Slater
And quit your...

Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
[x4]Thanks it's been real
I love you but I just can't deal
With the stress this game is giving me...
But before I go
You know
I can't close the show
Without no closure
So before I leave...

Yeah
I just want to take the time out
to basically say
Rest In Peace
to Deshaun Holton
That's my heart man
Dr Dre
For giving me the oppurtunity
just to even listen to me
to get me to this point
I'd like to thank Jimmy Iovine,
Interscope, Aftermath, 
everybody in the whole Shady staff
everybody whose basically supported me from day one
Paul Rosenburg, Tracy Mcnew
You know I love you guys
I couldn't do it all without you
D12
Cashis, your gonna be a beast when you get out there man
trust me homey, my ears don't lie to me
who else am i forgetting
Oh yeah, Obie Trice
Bobby Creekwater, and basically man
the whole city of Detroit
8 mile road for making what I am today
Which basically goes back to proof & D12
I love you guys man
you where there when shit got thick
Oh, it wouldnt be complete, If i didn't
thank my mom, bitch
so

Thanks it's been real
I love you but I just can't deal
With the stress this game is giving me... 
[fades][*baby crying*]

One thousand different houses and Münchhausen
I'mma make you wanna punch out some-fucking-one
"Ouch!" What the fuck'd you hit me for?
Scream "life" as I punch counter and bunches out of anger
I once encountered a stranger
In a dumb gown, black hood
With a scythe
Shit I laughed in his face spit
Bitch gave me an extra life, like "Take this!"
Now get your ass back in that game, bitch
Don't take shit for granted
And don't take shit, give it!
Only bull you should take is by the horns
A mixture of Whitey Ford and Mighty Thor
I everlast, pen is mightier than sword
Finish writing then record
Replenish, keep writing more
Nothing's riding on it but your pride is all you're fighting for
So you fight, scratch, you claw
Back's to wall
No one was there to catch you fall
You pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off
You grab your balls, like they're gargantuan and
Ask yourself how fucking bad you want it
Pull out your pass for whooping ass and flash it on 'em
Nobody's gonna back you in the corner
You're a hornet
No one's more ignorant
Than you fuckin' four in the morning
You're at the laboratory, storming
Like there's nothing that's more important
MC's you better consider this a formal warning
You're in for it
Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain
And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face?
I ain't finished, bitch
I meant in half, oil the blades
Nobody wants to play
They say I'm a spoiled little baby
But

Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

What goes through an addict's brain?
Besides static pain and Big Daddy Kane
Breakbeats and words
An erratic train of thought
Like splatter paint
Scatter-brained
Yeah maybe that explains
Why you're back but don't rap the same
And you're looking way thinner
'Cause your hunger got you looking like
They took away dinner (chooka)
"Sugar Ray" Leonard wouldn't sugar-coat a fucking booger though
Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat
When you say you're a chooka what chooka what
Now fling that bitch from your fingertips
Hope it lands on another rap singer's lips
Who can't think of shit
Anything of wit, that's interesting to spit
Who's king of this fucking English Lit?
Let your middle fingers flip on each hand
While extending this shit
How low can you go?
Lower than Chuck D ho
Hear the bassiness in my voice?
Rocky's back, where's my Adrian?
Nobody's crazy as Shady in an eighty million mile radius
I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots to rap
Not a man, I'm a weapon
Who just happened to be a rapper
Who just happen to be on the crapper
When it happened I had an epiphany
In the bathroom, I'd never be the same after
Now I'm back with an appe-tite
For destruction, the fucking recipe for disaster
So let's eat 'cause I'm famished
Every deed is a dastardly one
Evilish bastard, even you askin' for me to be po-lite
To people's like me havin' my teeth pulled

Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

So step inside a dimension
The demented side of a mind
That's like an inside of an engine
While I multiply your undivided attention
But be reminded: if I didn't mention
I lose my mind and my temper
You'll be the first one
Who finds him offensive
Got him climbing the fences
Lost some time to addiction
But look up rhyme in the dictionary
I'm in the picture
Eminem is the synonym for it
I'm an enigma
Fuck it, let's get to the meat balls
I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes
Edumacator they are
Shit legends are made of
Spit treacherous data
Shit that you would say to your worst enemy
This wretched is
What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada
Then combine 'em with Method Man and Redman
With methamphetamines in his left hand
And in his right there's a sledge-hammer
In pajamas, standing in front of a webcam
Beating himself in the head, 'til Russell lets him off Def Jam
Maybe I need my head examed
Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb
Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan
I need meds!
Swear to God 'cause if I go off the edge
T.I. ain't talking me off a ledge man
Heart throb at a fart, ah nah
More like a smart slob, part blob
That'll stab you with a sharp object
To the heart and leave claw marks
All over the Wal-Mart walls
Little baby with large balls
Fuck mud slinging, I'm blood flinging
There's nothing on this fucking Earth better than being
The king of the playground
I hate the swings but I love being an underdog
'Cause when I'm pushed
I end up swinging up

Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on yaYeah, girl.
Can you hear that?
It's playing our song.
Are you sleepy?
Take a nap.
You're not afraid of the dark, are you?

You hear the beat as it makes you not wanna go to sleep.
I knock on Dakota's door. It's locked so I go to creep
'Round the back with binoculars: not 'cause I wanna peep
But because I'm hungry. She smells like Tacos I wanna eat.

Visions of hot chocolaty marshmallows are so sweet.
With sugar plums.
Oh, look, here comes Marshall! He's on your street!
He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet.
Now walk on 'em.
He's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek.

Like a Thanksgiving turkey, a holiday ham,
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam.
Flavor my favorite Graham crackers with JonBenét Rams'.
I guess a modern-day Jack The Ripper is all that I am.

My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love. You keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So when you call, I come, I will answer.

'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
I hear my music box playing a song for me.
So, won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?

I almost look comatose.
Who wants to be sober gross?
I foam like a Doberman. Mouth open.
I overdose.
Put coke up my nostrils in both my holes and I plug my nose.
My pupils quadruple in size. Eyes are so bugged. I know.

I put on my mother's make-up, get naked and run around
Wavin' the gun around.
I think I'm down to a hundred pounds.
There's thunder.
I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out.
The devil's upset with his wife.
They must be sluggin' it out.

I must be buggin' the fuck out,
But what the fuck about?
Voices are leading me up to the attic. I love my house.
They pull and they tug my blouse.
The sound of a music box comes from inside a toy chest.
But what do I do? It's locked.

I pick it and open it, but it's stuffed full of human parts.
I dig 'til I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts.
It's playing a song so beautiful, and the room is dark.
The moon is full. I smell a funeral. Guess I'll loom in the park.

My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love. You keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So when you call, I come, I will answer.

'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
I hear my music box playing a song for me.
So won't you twirl around, and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?

I'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin' this little chick's neck like a Pixy Stix.
The sick Satan-worshippin'
Bitches get horse-whippings.
I'm in the back.
Through the back door slipping through the crack
Leavin' the corpse drippin'.

The mortician of love sent from above.
Forced entry. The more wenchy the more stingy I become.
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century I'm just numb.
Am I dreamin'? Is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns.

The time has come to tie her up.
Gotta roll me the ladder.
I've had enough of the chatter.
Climb up to the window, look at her.
Then climb in slow to shatter
Her brain matter
And batter
Her with the bat.
A matter of fact that will splatter her.
But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her.

Give her two compliments, back-to-back, like "Tabitha,
I'm your secret admirer. I'm back to ravish you.
So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula."

Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her.
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her.
Zoom in with the lens then pan back the camera.
Stand back 'cause here comes your man Jack. So, Pamela...

My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love, you keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So, when you call, I come, I will answer.

'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
I hear my music box playing a song for me.
So, won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?[Doctor] Scalpel
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Sponge
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
[Nurse] Ah!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my God!

[Eminem]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts, "Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!"
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
(Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said,
"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
"I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!?"
He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse..."
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works"
I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!"
[N] "What's the matter?"
[E] "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!"
[N] "Leg?!? I thought you said it was your tummy?!?"
[E] "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!"
[N] "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over.
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework."
[E] "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?"
[N] "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him."

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose,
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef"
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey!"
The principal walked in (What's going on in here?)
and started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice,
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good."
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot..
.. Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin, "What are you on, drugs?!?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!" (Sorry!)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?!?"
[M] "Oh my God, I'm sorry son"
[E] "Shut up you cunt!" I said, "Fuck it!"
Took it and stuck it back up in my head
then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
It's brain damage..
I got brain damage..
It's brain damage..
It's probably brain damage..
It's brain damage..
Brain damage..
I got brain damage..[Dr. Dre]
Huh, so I'm out the game huh?

[Eminem]
Yo Dre, we riding?

[Dr. Dre]
Whatever

[Eminem]
Well I'm with you homie

[Dr. Dre]
OK, let's handle this small shit

[Eminem]
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit
Grew up too quick, went through too much, knew too much shit
Corrupt and I'm pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick in gritz, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble the verse, keep going
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit, I eat shit
Wasn't for him? I wouldn't be shit

[Dr. Dre]
Creep with me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age

[Eminem]
But what about Jermaine?

[Dr. Dre]
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speaking mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your saying
I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm provoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget, Mini-Me, with a bunch of little Mini-You's
Running around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't have to do it with 10 or 11 year olds

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Eminem]
Second verse, it gets worse
It gets no better than this
Amateurs drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Cannabis or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucking again
Dre ain't having it as long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate

[Dr. Dre]
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would

[Eminem]
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could

[Dr. Dre]
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered

[Eminem]
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warning
And swing to knock somebody's fucking head off
Cause I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck, white Pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be Attila
Go nuts and be a killer

[Dr. Dre]
And I'm something of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us (Come On)

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Dr. Dre]
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alize, partying all day
But I handle my business cause it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it, you could have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sending it your way
That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
Cause this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it and you die trying to violate it
Fuck around and you'll get annihilated
Eyes dilated

[Eminem]
Ha, like my old lady
Cause what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything
Catch a contact, then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaves my launch pad

[Dr. Dre]
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest, then invest in something
To protect your head and neck

[Eminem]
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said in jest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fucking breath
But I suffocate for the respect
Fore I breathe to collect the fucking check

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Dr. Dre]
Watch your fuckin' mouth

[Timbaland]
Yo this Timbaland, tell him I said suck [chicka] my dickMaxine!! (Phone Rings)

[Maxine:] Hello
[Denaun:] Can I speak to Maxine?
[Maxine:] Yeah this is me what's up?
[Denaun:] What up?
[Maxine:] Who dis?
[Denaun:] Denaun 
[Maxine:] Yeah what's up?
[Denaun:] What are you doing?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Huh?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Why?
[Maxine:] I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son, she got her face done
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!)

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this 
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely

[Verse 3: 3]
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said "Oh it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out, 
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"
I got up out

[Denaun:] Hey, Maxine
[Maxine:] What
[Denaun:] You thinking about sucking my dick?
[Maxine:] Yeah for a small price
[Denaun:] For a small price? What you mean?
[Maxine:] You know, money nigga
[Denaun:] You don't need no damn money, 
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.
[Maxine:] (laughing) What you, what you hear I got?
[Denaun:] AIDS
[Maxine:] (laughing) Who told you that bullshit?
[Denaun:] My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
[Maxine:] Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then
[Denaun:] Oh for real, it's like that?
[Maxine:] (laughing) Well I ain't got shit, 
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me, 
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
[Denaun:] Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you
[Maxine:] No, see.. 
[Denaun:] You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
[Maxine:] Hold on, why it ain't even like that
[Denaun:] I want ya'll to get paid, fucking..
[Maxine:] (laughing as the phone hangs up)[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!

[Swifty]
This the life of a rocker
jagermeister and vodka
Hoppin' off of the club's balcony
Into the crowd, surfin'
And when they drop me, I'm randomly sockin' fans
And when my interviews in hockey masks,
Slap the journalists on their ass
I'm high off speed,
Drivin' my car at high speed
Pocket full of weed, while lesbians follow me
I'm in the studio, envy
My h & m, gon' call for me
Cause I fell asleep on the soundboard, ain't get us off a week
So let's Bang!! all up in my head
Get 'em back ungrateful dead
Bustin' in the air, with 30 bitches up in my bed
I'm kickin' 'em out naked, and this the sympathy
Just ask me why I did it, well fuck it I can't remember

[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!

[Kuniva]
Some boys are wallin
Drinkin', cussin', and hyper smilin'
Been ridin' for days, tour bus look like ryker's island
Hand me jack daniel's, spray paintin' the die hard fan
Little cocker spaniel, fresh out of the damn zoo
Man you, better be conscious, I'm backstage
Livin' it up, with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious
We're drinkin' it's been a couple of days, since I've slept
My dick is sore from fuckin', when I bust there's nothin' left
Just dust, back on the stage, give me my microphone
Strappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong
Our label presented us with a plaque
Brought it on stage, and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats, stanks
Now which one of you bitches down for the cause
Yeah I said my dick is sore but I ain't say shit about my balls
Last call then we off to the next city, yeah
Whatever I didn't drink on my bladder pack it up and take the rest with me

[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!

[Eminem]
Yeah this game has got me goin' crazy
Fuck it, I am crazy
What's new, what kinda fuckin' glue you'd think I'd be if I was glue
We lost proof, he was our crew's glue
But where was you, when we were fallin' apart
You were shittin on us too
But no one but us knew we were beefin'
Cause that's what happens when you beef with crew
It stays in the crew, cause it's just crew
But we're back now, yeah we took our time while our blood grew
Only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you!
And we're back, these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to
Pussy, go pick your pussy leaves off your cunt tree, fuck you
Ahh choo!
Bless you! I'm allergic to pussy, sluts too
Yeah, you think you the shit, till we flush you
Have some bullshit to readjust
Still got a just a few of us left, but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due
So rest in peace to Bugz and proof
This one's for you homies, we love you
But we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this...

[Eminem]
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name, name, name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!Obie, yo', i'm sick, damn, you straight dog...

[CHORUS]

That's why I ain't got no time, for these games and stupid tricks, or these bitches on my dick,
that's how dudes be getting sick, that's how dicks be getting drips, falling victims to this
shit, from these bitches on our dicks, fucking chickens with no ribs, that's why I ain't got no
time...

[Obie Trice]
Yo', I woke up fucked up off the liquor I drunk, I had a bag of the skunk won in last nights
tunk, pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners, fucked me good, you should of
seen this, big booty bitch, switch unbearable, french roll stylin', body like a stallion, sizin'
up the figure while my shit getting bigger, debatin' on a fuck or do I want to be her nigga,
caressin' this bitch, plus i'm checking out them tit's, sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used
to buyin', I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory, like takin' hoe's money, but that's
another story, for surely, the pussy on toast after we toast, her clothes fell like bishop in
juice, the womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock in that spot hotter than the
hottest block, don't stop, the response I got when I was knockin' it, clock steady tickin',
kinky finger lickin', and can on, semen's at my tip when she moans, I gotta slow down before I
cum soon, and work that nigga, like a slave owner, when I dropped off my outfit, she knew I
wanted to bone her, she foamin' at the lips, the one between them hips, pubic hairs lookin' like
some sour cream dip, without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though, pussy tighter than
conditions of us black folks, we in the final stretch, the last part of sex, I bust a fat ass
nut, then I woke up next, like what the fuck is goin' on here, this bitch evaporated, pussy and
all, just picked up and vacated, now i'm frusturated cause my dick was unprotected, and Doctor
Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit...

[CHORUS]

[Eminem]
Now I don't wanna hit no woman, but this chick's got it comin', someone better get this bitch,
before she get's kicked in the stomach, and she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me
to throw her off the steps of this porch, my only weapon is force and I don't wanna resort to
any violence of any sort, but what's she shovin' me for, doesn't she love me no more, wasn't she
huggin' me four minutes ago at the door, man, i'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this
whore, what would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce, she's havin' another baby
in a month, and it's yours, and you find out it isn't cause this bitch has been visitin' someone
else, and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips when you get back, to Michigan, now the
plot is thickenin' worse, cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a
hearse, so you paranoid at every little cold that you get, ever since they told you this shit,
you've been holdin' your dick, so you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it, then
the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace, and it's obvious to everyone in the lobby
it's AIDS, he ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it, so you jet back home, cause you
gon' get that hoe, when you see her, you gon' bend her fuckin' neck back, yo', cause you love
her, you never would expect that blow, Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low,
Jesus, I don't believe this, bitch works at the cleaners, bringin' me home diseases, swingin'
from Obie's penis, she's so deceivin', shit this hoe's a genius, she g'd us...

[CHORUS]

I'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches, fuck 'em all, get money, Shady records, Obie Trice, Eminem,
motherfucker, new millenium shit, yeah, turn this shit off, turn this shit the fuck off...[Verse 1:]
Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain
An asshole, that role think I succeeded fulfillin'
But don't think I ever stopped to think that I was speaking to children
Everything was happenin' so fast. It was like I blinked, sold 3 million
Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous 'cause I was getting sick of this feelin'
Like I'm always under attack, man, I coulda stacked my shit list to the ceilin'
Women dishin' but really
Thinkin' if anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him
Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit. But since when did this many
People ever give a shit what I had to say? It's just my opinion
If it contradicts how I'm livin' put a dick in your rear-end
That's why every time you mention a lyric
I thanked you for it, for drawin' more attention toward it
'Cause it gave me an enormous platform, I'm flattered you thought I was that important
But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect and battled for it
Mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed atta-boy
They told me to slow down, I'd just zone-out
Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde, it's like telling Gwen Stefani that she sold out
'Cause I was trying to leave No Doubt
In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history think they know now
Because everybody knows

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
Everybody knows, that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go, people want to go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide, you are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows
Thanks for the support, asshole [2x]

[Verse 2:]
Quit actin' salty, I was countin' on you to count me out
Ask Asher Roth when he round about dissed me to shout me out
Thought I was history, well God damn honky that compliment's like back-handin' a donkey, good way to get your ass socked in the mouth
Nah, I'm off him, but what the fuck's all this trash talking about?
The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me you knocked me down
I went down for the count, I fell but the fans caught me and now
You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me to take my belt
Word to Pacquiao, mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about
Better go in that ring and knock 'em out, or you better not come out
It's poetry in motion like Freddie Roach when he's quotin'
Shake-speare, so what if insults are revoltin'
Even Helen Keller knows life stinks
You think it's a joke 'till your bullet riddled, but you should give little shit what I think
This whole world is a mess,
gotta have a goddamn vest
on your chest
and a Glock just to go watch Batman
Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man
Half you don't got the guts, intestinal blockage, rest of you got lap bands
Stuck to this motto 'fore they put bath salts in all those
Water bottles in Colorado, so get lost, Waldo my soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping
A black hole and I'm swallowin' this track whole, better pack toilet paper
But I'm takin' no crap hoe, here I go down the Bat Pole and I'm changing back into that ole maniac in fact there they go, tryin' to dip out the back door retreating
'Cause everybody knows

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Holy mackerel. I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth. I smacked a girl
Off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull
For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull
Then screamed "ICP in this bitch! How do fuckin' magnets work?"
'Cause you're attractive but we ain't attractable,
hate to be dramatical but I'm not romantical
I'm makin' up words, so you can understandable
It's tragical, thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen, that ain't practical
You crackin' a joke? It's laughable
'Cause me and love's like a bad combination I keep them feelings locked in a vault, so it's safe to say I'm uncrackable
My heart is truly guarded
Full body armor bitch, you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you special, you're retarded
Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina
You're a trainwreck, I got a one-track mind and, shorty, you're fine but you sorta remind me of a 49'er
'Cause you've been a gold digger since you was a miner
Been tryin' to hunt me down like a dog 'cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent
'Cause all of my spare time's spent
On my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin'
Only women that I love are my daughters, but sometimes I rhyme
And it sounds like I forget I'm a father and I push it farther, so, Father, forgive me if I forget to draw the line
It's apparent I shouldn't have been parent I'll never grow up, so to Hell with your parents and 'mother' fuck 'father' time
It ain't never gonna stop, a pessimist who transformed to an optimist in his prime
So even if I'm half-dead, I'm half alive
Poured my half-empty glass in a cup now my cup has runneth over
And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster
I'm goin' back to what got me here, yeah cocky and
Can't knock bein' Rudolph, so fear not my deer
And dry up your tear drops I'm here
White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird
If you stare at me and see yourself, 'cause you're one too, shouldn't be a shock be
'Cause everybody knows

[Chorus][*plane crashing*]

Yeah, yo I'm just gonna write down my first thoughts and see where this takes me, 'cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now

Yeah, let me explain just how to make greatness
Straight out the gate, I'm 'bout to break it down
Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake I'm 'bout
To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows
If I press the issue just to get the anger out (brrr)
Full magazine could take Staples out
Savage, but ain't thinkin' 'bout no bank account
But, bitch, I'm off the chain like Kala Brown

Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I'm talkin', lil' bitch
I'm sorry, wait, what's your talent?
Oh, critiquin' my talent?
Oh, bitch, I don't know who the fuck y'all are
To give a sub-par bar, even have an opinion or view
You mention me, millions of views, attention in news
I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you
Billions of views, your ten cents are two
Skim through the music to give shit reviews
To get clicks, but, bitch, you just lit the fuse
Don't get misconstrued, business as us'
Shit-list renewed so get shit to do
Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get what the fuck half the shit is that you're listenin' t-to
Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow
Everyone copies though? Probably no
Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi yo, adios
I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though
Not even dissin', it just ain't for me
All I am simply is just an MC
Maybe "Stan" just isn't your cup of tea
(Get it)
Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean
Maybe I need to stir up shit
Preferably shake the world up if it were up to me
Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill
I should eat a pill, probably I will
Old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death
I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath
Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed
Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (evil, but spelled)

Jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick with an ice pick
Stick it in a vice grip, hang it on a spike fence
Bang it with a pipe wrench
While I take my ballsack and flick it like a light switch
Like vice-president Mike Pence
Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip

These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic
Since nine-tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
Jesus Christ, man, how many times is someone gonna fuck on my bitch?
(Fuck my side chick!)

You won't ever see Em icy, but as cold as I get on the M-I-C
I polarize shit so the Thames might freeze
And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it
Bitch, I got the club on smash like a nightstick (yeah)

Turn down for what? I ain't loud enough
Nah, turn the valium up!
'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut
Now, when it doesn't matter what caliber I spit at
I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks
You'll turn around and just be like, "Man, how the fuck sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks?
And now he wants to take it out on us"
(ooh-ooh)

But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy
Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study
It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (ooh-ooh)
I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that
I'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry
Especially an effing Recovery clone of me

So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Igg' Azae'
Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne
I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
I'm fed up with being humble
And rumor is I'm hungry, I'm sure you heard bumblings
I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
I heard your mumblin' but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo
The era that I'm from will pummel you
That's what it's comin' to
What the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it?
I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two
And dump on you if you ain't Joyner
If you ain't Kendrick or Cole or Sean then you're a goner
I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it
I guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper
You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonald's
But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival
But y'all are acting like I tried to serve you up a slider
Maybe the vocals should have been auto-tuned
And you would have bought it
But sayin' I no longer got it
'Cause you missed a lot and never caught it
'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it
'Cause you're mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest
With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist
And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless
What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest
Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it
Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic
With a bottle full of malt liquor
But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer
The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom
If I don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet
I don't see why y'all even started with me
I get in beefs, my enemies die
I don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased
I'm east side, never be caught slippin'
Now you see why I don't sleep
Not even a wink, I don't blink
I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats
I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze

"Aw, man! That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage
The Thing ain't even orange—oh my God, that's a reach!"
Shout to all my colorblind people, each and every one of y'all
If you call a fire engine green, aquamarine
Or you think water is pink
"Dawg, that's a date," "Looks like an olive to me"
"Look, there's an apple!" "No it's not, it's a peach!"

So finger-bang, Pootie Tang
Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang
Charlamagne gonna hate anyway
Doesn't matter what I say
Give me Donkey of the Day
What a way for 2018 to get underway
But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say
Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (yeah)
Invite them in like a One A Day
I'm not done (preach)
'Cause I feel like the beast of burden
That line in the sand, was it even worth it?
'Cause the way I see people turning's
Is makin' it seem worthless
It's startin' to defeat the purpose
I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds
And I was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word
Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
Or still yet to be determined?
'Cause I'm determined to be me, critiqued or worshiped
But if I could go back I'd at least reword it
And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent
Sold the dream to that he's deserted

But I think it's workin'
These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous
And he's too scurred to answer me with words
'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
But I know at least he's heard it
'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service
To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin' him
Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists
I said, "Only when it comes to ink and lyricists"
But my beef is more media journalists
(Hold up, hold up, hold up…)
I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist
Can get a mouthful of flesh
And, yes, I mean eating a penis
'Cause they been pannin' my album to death
So I been givin' the media fingers
Don't wanna turn this to a counseling sesh
But they been puttin' me through the ringer
So, I ain't ironin' shit out with the press
But I just took this beat to the cleanersYo...
Same song and dance
Damn girl, everywhere I go
Same song and dance
I like the way you move, all over the globe
Same song and dance
Something about it, man
Same song and dance
In the pale moonlight Yo...

I'm looking at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by
The whole rapper thing, aren't ya?
Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya
Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya?
Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster
The police constantly bugging you, non-stop
I walk up on ya, "Well, hello Tonya"
I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck
You out of gas? Do you got a flat?
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat
I got your back
Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back
And sit up front; I'm not asking, it's a trap
You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap
In broad day, and no mask for this attack
I heard 'em say exact opposites attract
If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back
C'mon

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me?
Same song and dance

The first victim I had, she was a big one
Big movie star, a party girl, big fun
She was the girl the media always picked on
In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months
She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
At Nickelodeon, flashed the little kids once
What an event it was, I was sitting in front
I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns
Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in, son
Look, here she comes, I better pull out the big guns
Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin, hun
How 'bout a ride to rehab? Get in, cunt
But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want
Girl, I'm just kidding, let me start over again, hun
See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension
You little wench, ya, murder wasn't my intention
If I wanted to kill you, it would've already been done
Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her
With 66 inches of extension cord

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me?
Same song and dance

My second victim was even bigger than the first
Pop star, icon, the whole works
She played a little schoolgirl when she first
Burst upon the scene and seen that the world was hers
She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It irked me, it made me mad at first
I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on
Was that I had developed a crush
I just didn't know how to tell it to her
Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons, or
Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk?
We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk
Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must
Creep up to her mansion in stilettos, and just
Climb the gate, and ring the bell, like "Hello, my love"
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up
Now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my Valium with you 'cause I'm feeling you Britney
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one
Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent
I've been feeling you, ooh-ooh, girl, you sexy little gal, you
Hold that pill any longer, it'll get sentimental value
C'mon toots, give me the Valium alley-oop
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'til you puke
And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup
I'm 'bout to make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit, I'll make a suit out of you, shoot
Now, show me how you move, baby, do how a-you do

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me?
Same song and dance

Same kicking and screaming, same crying and sobbing
Same song and dance
Same begging and pleading, same yelling and bleeding
Same song and dance
Yeah
Same song and dance
I know
Same song and dance[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back)
I'm back (Slim Shady)

I murder a rhyme, one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to get punked and bullied on my block
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press
I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed
Too upset, it's just too much mess
I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right
You think of my name now whenever you say hi
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, 'cause MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me!
Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'?
You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
[Vocal scratches] My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational [vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"]
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the Internet
Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed
It's a sick world we live in these days
"Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic
Whose eyes get so squinted
I'm blind from smoke in 'em, with my windows tinted
With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em
With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo scented
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take seven (kids) from (Columbine)
Stand 'em all in line, add an AK-47, a revolver, a 9
A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
'Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
'Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (AHH)
So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
'Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
It'd be Jennifer Lopez - and Puffy, you know this
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck
If this chick was my own mother
I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine - what's my name?

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

[Vocal scratching]
Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!)
[Scratch] Guess who's back
[Scratch] Gue [scratch] guess who's back
D-12 [scratch] Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre [scratch] Guess who's back
Back back [scratch] back
[Scratch]
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt (sighs) fuckI pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible with liberty and justice for all...

People, it feels so good to be back...
Mosh with me now!

I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel, re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time

It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past

Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts

Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. Kiss-His-Ass-Crack, he's a class act
Rubber-band man, yeah, he just snaps back

Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong

Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march
Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors
(C'mon)

All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together let's all form and swarm just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black

Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause no matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yeah, the wetter the better
They ain't gon' stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever

They tell us, "No," we say, "Yeah," they tell us, "Stop," we say, "Go."
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gon' let 'em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, fuck Bush,
Until they bring our troops home
C'mon, just

Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong

Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march
Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors
(C'mon)

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the Oval Office
Someone's tryna tell us something,
Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward,
That we have empowered

This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour

Let me be the voice and your strength, and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify it, times it, and multiply it by six...
Teen million people, all equal at this high pitch

Maybe we can reach Al-Qaeda through my speech
Let the President answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an AK-47, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way

No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal

If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes it's all lies
The stars and stripes have been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why,
'Cause I told you to fight.

Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong

Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp, we gon' march
Through the swamp, we gon' mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors
(C'mon)

And as we proceed,
To mosh through this desert storm,
And these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this weapon of mass destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President, Mr. Senator
Do you guys hear us... hear us?I told ya'll motherfuckers I was coming back
Shit
What now nigga what now what
Brewster Projects nigga

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Bizarre:]
Security's gone I'm trapped in the club
And I'm tryna run and get my motherfucking gun
(Nigga what about your wife)
Nigga fuck my wife I'm tryna run and save my motherfucking life
Oh shit, the shooter's comin'
Bitches hollering, niggas running
People shot all over the floor
And I'm tryna make it to the St. Andrew's door
Hey man
That's the sound of the Glock
Even DJ House Shoes fucked around and got shot
I done messed around and forgot my TEC
I don't see nobody but Fatt Father and Hex

[Kuniva:]
(Kuniva you alright)
These niggas is trippin'
(Where's Bizarre at?)
(I don't know, man)
I'm tryna slip through the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screaming everywhere and niggas is wildin'
Two minutes ago we was all joking and smiling
This chick is clinging on to me sobbing and sighing
Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she crying
But it's real and it's on and caps is getting peeled
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield
And she got hit now she's yelling
(Don't leave me!)
I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch believed me
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my .38 I hope it's not too late

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Swifty:]
(Nigga I've been tryna call you all day motherfucker where you at?)
I'm on 7 Mile what the fuck was that
Damn somebody hit me from the back
(With what? Their car?)
With a gat nigga and my tire flat
And I just hit a pole, them niggas some hoes
(Is you hit?)
I don't know
But I can tell you what they drove
It was a black Mitsubishi with
(Shit that's the clique we beefing with.)
Man! (I swear!)
And I was on my way there
Believe me I'm leaving a carcass today
And I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tucked
I'm gonna meet you at the club we're gonna fuck these hoes up

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Eminem:]
I've never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleeping outside the door waiting in line
Still tryna get inside the club to see D12 perform
The fire marshals know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall three thousand and some odd fans
And some cum-wad from out the parking lot
Gets in an argument over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aiming for six feet away's the door
Into St. Andrew's Hall
Now the strays flying all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up at the bar having a Mazel Tov
Bullet whizzed right by my ear damn near shot it off
Thank God I'm alive I gotta find Denaun
And where the fuck is Von? He usually tucks one on him
Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre
Nah I guess not, what the fuck oh my God it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him hauling ass I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground being trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her
God damn there just went another damn bullet I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it, it's too thin
If I get hit again I can't do it, I scoop Dee
Follow Bizarre's path ran through it
Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps
Looked up and I seen Swift shooting it out
But I can't see who he's shooting it out with
But Denaun's right behind him squeezing his four-fifth

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Kon Artis:]
It's Friday night came to this bitch right
Big ass in my left hand, Desert Eagle in my right
I ain't come in this bitch to party I came in this bitch to fight
Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm popping niggas tonight
That's right bitches I'm drunk with revenge
Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryna check when I get in
Swift told me to meet him here so it's clear that this schmuck
That shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker
So one shot for the money two's to stop the show
Third's for the bartender
(bitch bring me a bottle of Mo')
I just wanna know who's driving the black Mitsubishi
He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee with a three-piece

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off[Joyner Lucas:]
Whoa, Joyner, Joyner, yeah, yeah, yeah

Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it
I don't take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it
All my life I want a Grammy, but I'll prolly never get it
I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon (Yah I said it)
Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules
I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose
Y'all been eatin' long enough, it's my turn to cut the food
Pass the plate! Where my drink? This my day, lucky you
Fuck you too, woo!

Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice

Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall
Turn my back on you, all of you finished
Back to these bullets, it's back to the job
Pull my MAC out and all of you runnin'
Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushin'
These packs and I'm actually pumpin'
Can't fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin'
You mighta went platinum but that don't mean nothin'
I'm actually buzzin' this time
Straight out the kitchen, I told 'em the oven is mine
I do not fuck with you guys
If I don't kill you, just know you gon' suffer this time
I ain't no gangster but I got some bangers
Some chains and some blades and a couple of nines
Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree
My twelve days of Christmas was nothin' but lies
I run at you hard like a sumo (Sumo)
They say I talk like a chulo (Chulo)
I live in Mars, I'm not Bruno (Woo)
Bitch I'm a dog, call me Cujo (Rah)
You play your cards, I reverse on you all
And I might just draw 4 like a Uno (Bup)
Cállate boca mejor, maricón, little puto, and all of you culo (Joyner)
They've invented a level up in the ghetto to get old
Lookin' for somethin' I prolly can never find now
Shit get relevant 'til 'nother beef die down
In truth a nigga just really want me tied down
I've been alone and I never needed nobody
Just only me and my shotty, I'll tell these niggas to lie down
Keep all the money, I never wanted the lifestyle
I just pray to God that my son'll be alright now
I said ain't no love for the other side
Or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner)
When I die I'm goin' out as a underdog who never lost hope (Yeah)
You in the wrong cab down the wrong path
Nigga, wrong way, wrong road (Woo, woo)
Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast
I just bought a fuckin' lawn mower (Vroom!)

[Eminem:]
I done said a lotta things in my day, I admit it
This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it
I done won a couple Grammys, but I sold my soul to get 'em
Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin' recognition
Fuck's the difference?
I'm that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules
Man I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose
I've been eatin' long enough, man my stomach should be full
I just ate, licked the plate, my buffet, lucky me
Fuck you think? (Woo!)

I got a couple of mansions
Still I don't have any manners
You got a couple of ghost writers
But to these kids it don't actually matter
They're askin' me, "What the fuck happened to hip-hop?"
I said, "I don't have any answers."
'Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album
It hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers
And actually comin' from humble beginnings
I'm somewhat uncomfortable winning
I wish I could say, "What a wonderful feeling!"
"We're on the upswing like we're punchin' the ceiling!"
But nothin' is feeling like anyone has any fuckin' ability
To even stick to a subject, it's killin' me
The inability to pen humility
Ha-ta-ta ba-ta-ta, why don't we make a bunch of
Fuckin' songs about nothin' and mumble 'em?
Fuck it, I'm goin' for the jugular
Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up
Don't give an ounce of a motherfuck
About the ones that were here before you that made rap
Let's recap, way back, MC's that wreak havoc on tape decks
ADAT's, where the G Raps and Kanes at?
We need 3 Stacks ASAP and bring Masta Ace back
'Cause half of these rappers have brain damage
All the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap
I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad
But in fact, where the old me at? The same cat
That would take that feedback and aim back, I need that
But I think it's inevitable
They know what button to press or what lever to pull
To get me to snap though (Lil' bitch)
And if I pay it attention I'm prob'ly makin' it bigger
But you've been takin' ya digs in the fuckin' back, ho (Get it?)
On the brink, any minute got me thinkin' of finishin'
Everything with acetaminophen and reapin' the benefits
I'm asleep at the wheel again
As I peak into thinkin' about an evil intent
Of another beat I'ma kill again
'Cause even if I gotta end up eatin' a pill again
Even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin
It better be at least 70 to 300 milligram
And I might as well 'cause I'ma end up bein' a villain again
Levels to this shit, I got an elevator
You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin' record breaker
I sound like a broken record every time I break a record
Nobody could ever take away the legacy I made, I never cater
Motherfucker, now I got a right to be this way
I got spite inside my DNA
But I wrote 'til the wheels fall off, I'm workin' tirelessly, ayy
It's the moment y'all been waitin' for
Like California wishin' rain to pour
In that drought, y'all been prayin' for
My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaw
Still the same Marshall, that outlaw
That they say as a writer might've fell off
I'm back on that bull like the cowboy

So y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move (yeah)
[Joyner Lucas:]
Y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juiceWhere's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones. There you go
Yeah... yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans, exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet you're probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closetWhat is a nightmare? The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare

I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious
'Til one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop
And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching
Missouri for Michigan didn't work
So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan
Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again
Mom please stick to a decision
Discipline, last thing I wanna do is listen she's like
Lex Luthor, bitch, her rules are Kryptonite
So the walls and I done lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into them, running through the kitchen
Pretending to be blind Superman
'Cause I had no supervision
But I did have a super power though
I could turn into Invisible Kid
Disappear out of sight, like a true magician
And one day uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different
Music into the picture and it became my new religion
"I remember it clearly, even today."
Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Nan
Always itchin' for something to do, was flipping
Through the radio stations one day
And discovered this DJ who was mixing
I say it to this day, if you ain't listened to the wizard
You ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing
I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing
For shoes, fuck them stupid Pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition Troops
You get the new LL Cool J cooling system
Made that final maneuver to 8 Mile and Hoover and somehow I saw my future is in this
That's how I knew my mission
Little boom box boomin', spitting
Practicing numerous rhythms
When I sit in my room envisioning
My dreams come to fruition
I remember Proof would visit
Couldn't wait to play him my new shit, he'd go cuckoo ballistic
Go through the roof for his shit
It's like we knew the instant
We touched a mic that both of us two existed to do this shit
Never quit, too persistent
"We are the underground empire."

Started a group of misfits
Proof had a proposition
If we all band together, there ain't no stopping this shit
Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and
Be ready to come off the top as sharp position
If you got dissed at the shop 'cause if they caught you slippin'
They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' you
And you forgot your written
Opportunity knocks once, it ain't knocking again
They tried ding-dong ditching shit
I fucking got that bitch in a headlock
Cut off his oxygen Slim snot gourgin
Cock sucking cynder block in the wind
Now I got my pot to piss in
Spot in that top position
Copping over the opposition
Looking like a dog that's pissing
Leg up on the competition
Promising complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson
I'm in a league Muhammad's in
Ali's my colleague bombing them
Probably end up on top of them
Stomping them like Ndamukong
I'm Russian like a Ukrainian, LaDainian Tomlinson
Flow vomits in your face
Competitors fall at my waist
You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face
So name the time, place to battle
Bitch I'm still in that mind state
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours
'Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse
And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers
Now where's your poop birds?
Ooh, no more tripping in bird shit, songs of self-empowerment surging
Words of encouragement but this discouraging the rappers
The rap game's God, but the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith
So let these words lift
'Cause all I got is bars for you dumbbells since yours ain't working out
Each verse is more merciless than the first is
And you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this bitch to get served
Blood thirst, Revenge of the Nerds
Chickit

"And it's true that you'll not escape my vengeance."

And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone
Word to Uncle Ron
I'm turning into a non-humble Don
You blonde dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on
So start the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on
Better back away from the front row, get launched
Show you I'm bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo
On the fuckin' Jumbotron
I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna rumble, you bomboclaat
I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yawn
So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass
And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap
The GOAT just ate eight acres,
An eighth of that was just to make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper
Oh look, my notebook looks smoke-cooked
Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove, soot
Charred debris floating
Like oak wood was burning
Return of the no good
And I won't quit

"And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below
Something that made Godzilla look like a plane."

And I don't quit, won't change,
It's like a Groundhog's Day
So crowd around, y'all, 'cause you may
See if I popped your head

"I'm a heartless monster"
Turn me into
"I'm a heartless monster"
"With my dick in your mouth all day"

I'm not so sure I want to know from whence it came
But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed
There, before that shimmering veil of light, the ivory skin slug thingWarning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
"Murder Murder Redrum"
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from
Inebriated, till my stress is eleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?"
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her

[Chorus: Eminem + (Redman Sample) - 2X]
[E] I'm low down and I'm shiftee!
"And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.."

I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like Eckridge
Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in

[Chorus]

My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anasin
Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is Tupac
It's politics, it's all a fix
Setup by these white blue collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music
With a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks

[Chorus]I can almost taste it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it
I can almost see it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it

Yeah, can't stop now.
(I can almost taste it.)
This may be the last chance I get to be famous.
(I just wanna be famous).

You dream of trading places,
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes,
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose,
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous,
But be careful what you wish for

I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go berserker than a fed-up post-office worker
I murk her with a Mossberg
I'm pissed off, get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you sure did shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
How thangs turn around
When his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I cum back
Like nut on your spine
I'm the thumb tack
That you slept on, son
Now here I come screaming "Attack!"
Like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em
Defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit
His britches, he out growed 'em
He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole
And nobody fucks with him
Rigor mortis and post mortem
He's dying of boredom
Take your best rhymes, record 'em
To try to thwart him
He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
Shit-stained drawers
You gon' fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws
While he dips 'em in PF Chang's sauce
Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls
You think I'm backing down?
You must be out of your dang skulls
I'm almost famous

You dream of trading places,
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes,
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose,
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous,
But be careful what you wish for

I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand,
Some are just stored in my memory
Some I wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whacko 'fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
"Dick"'s too short of a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick
Don't call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the Challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer
I just laced my gloves with enough plaster
To make a cast, beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer
Ya'll are Eminem backwards, you're Meni Mes
See he's in a whole 'nother weight class
He slugs, you're BBs, you're bean-bag bullets
You're full of it; you were dissin' his CDs
Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E.
He's almost famous

You dream of trading places,
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes,
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose,
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous,
But be careful what you wish for

Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls
Screaming the wood off the panelling
And cussing the paint off the walls
Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these broads
He ain't given 'em shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard
He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark
When it scars, 'til Abraham Lincoln is screaming out, "Awww!"
His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all
If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off
They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by
Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die
And eat shit while they at it
He's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world
So go to hell and build a snowman, girl
The bullies become bullied, and pussies get pushed
Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me
'Cause I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blowing
Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it?
And while I'm being poetic let me get historic and raise the bar
Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered
So bear witness to some biblical shit
As a cold wind blowing
This world ain't gonna know what hit it
He did it, he made it, he's finally famousRicky Racks
For what it's worth
You were a slut at birth
If the world had a dick
You'd fuck the Earth
I tried to get over you
It doesn't work
You're still a cunt
I'm still a fucking jerk

Same as it ever was, yeah
Say it'll change but it never does
Ain't gonna ever 'cause
You're the cause of my pain and the medicine
Never met someone who played games with my head as much
Fate tethered us together like two felons
Must've fell in love with skeletons
Everyone's got 'em, thought that you were Cinderella but (Yeah)
Feels like I slept with the (Uh) wicked stepmother
But how the hell am I
Still in love with the motherfucking chick there's at least a million of
They say love the one you with
But this shit is killing us
I lust on some other shit
I'm a glutton for punishment
You're the gloves, I'm the punching mitts
It's above and beyond us
Cuffing, I'm shoving the girl I love inside of an oven
If I catch you sucking another dick
You better unsuck it, you snuck in the crib and tried to jump under the covers again
Why am I tucking you in?
Probably 'cause

I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

Wanna hold you, wanna choke you, wanna love you
Wanna hate you, wanna kill you, wanna hurt you
Wanna heal you, yeah
Wanna lose you, keep you, bruise you
Beat, abuse you, treat you mutual
It's juvenile, delusional, as usual
You're beautiful, I'm average
I'm brutal, you're a savage
My ride or die chick who's always cruising for a bruising
Yeah, it's kinda like we're tryna light a dynamite stick
Though we might get along like shit
Fight, hit, bite, spit, unite, split
Yeah, you're awful, but you're mine
And they say love is blind, we see each other fine
But it's no wonder, I'm (Yeah) the only one you'll find (Uh)
To put up with your shit (What?), I need a plumber line (Yeah)
But nothing comes to mind (Nah) besides the number 90 (No)
'Cause since '06 you flipped my fucking life, upside down
Now the sky's ground, look at my frown, it's a smile now
Look at my mouth, it's my eyebrows, make it rain upwards
We're on that ninth cloud, two insane lovebirds
I should fly south, 'cause man am I great, ain't lyin' to myself
But I'm just plain stubborn, I'm Audi five thou'
But this is my house, bitch, you get out
Then we duke it out, then it dies down
Then we say, "Fuck it", cry our eyes out
Then...

I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

This relationship is all that it's cracked up to be
Never lack lust in that 'cause we act nuts
'Cause that's what attracts us
Trick you with a back rub
Tell you to relax then dump your ass in the bathtub (Haha)
Yeah, now that's love, may sound pathetic
But fuck the world 'cause they out to get us
I love you but I won't exchange vows
Hey now, don't get carried away
No way I'll get married, it'll take a rain cloud to wed us
Yeah, but we're so insane ‘bout each other
May take the same route and way out as Junior Seau
Break out Berettas, lay down in bed and blow our brains out together
Who knows how it's gonna play out?
Or whether death's what our ending will be
One of us shot in the back while attempting to flee
But I‘ll go to bat for you, defending your honor
Yeah, no contingency fees, something we’re not, nah
We're not pretending to beef, don't cost a penny to be with me
Time we're spending is free, we could be broke as a joke
Won't make a difference to me, don't have to give me a thing
Could've been a 50 cent ring from out of a vending machine
Love unconditionally, there's no other fish in the sea
Guess I'm a prisoner, see, addiction is a disease

I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

Love you girl, do you feel the same?
I don't wanna play games, no games, ah
You're the only one that can out my flame
Baby, just play it straight, straight, no games, ahLife by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
Put in front of your optical to slow you down
And every time you think you've gotten past it
It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they're really your enemies, with secret identities
And disguises, to hide their true colors
So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers
They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
Swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of workin' at Builder's Square
Tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
In the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin'? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player-hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up
That's my wordJust the two of us.. [8X]

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. [4X]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you babyAw man...
Yeah…
You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight
And people that you don't even know jump in?

You feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, you're pissed
You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this
You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away
From splitting your shit wide open, no stitches can save
You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way
You end up going out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid
Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say, "Isn't this great?"
On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate
That's starting to take place in the middle of the street
Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat
Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene but it's too late
It's absolute pandemonium
Whisked away in an ambulance is your fate
Nothing nobody told you when you left the house today
Could of made you anticipate
Such an ass-whipping, okay
'til the anger dissipates
You get punched in the face, reciprocate, come on

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies
You better go get your mace 'cause Shady said so
You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
That's how fuckin' rowdy you feel, now you still wanna grill?
If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you, chill
'Cause if you doubt me you will, yeah got me a pill, found me a thrill
I got a couple of drinks here, and I'm bound to refill
Girl howdy, how do you feel ma?
This cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh hell nah
He must be trying to kill my buzz
I will not budge, so what the deal ridaz?
Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat
And that's probably a record, yeah, you wasn't expecting that
'Cause they want in on the act, there's a cognac bottle
We snuck it in 'cause the beer that they was serving here was only tap
I'm biting, I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts
You're frightened like "This guy might hurt me"
You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder
Play smarter, you may start her over, you need a chainsaw to
Dig your way out or go powder your nose
Pussy the louder you yell the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes
You set it off faggot so now how do you 'spose
We settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

It's sheer hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles
We're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us and
Adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing
Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm strangling your windpipe for nothing
My signature ligature marks, look at you all
Big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart
At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart
And dig at ya, and break you down like the bitch that you are
The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car
The pain inflicted upon you is so sick it's Bizarre
Shit this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far
As having me wanna rip out your fricking ligaments, ah
You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails for that
You catch an open hand slap like a female like bap
In fact I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves
Where's D12? I don't feel like doing this by myself, come on

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

Yeah, what the deal?
I'm feeling hard as hell right now homie
I almost feel... Invincible and shit
Ay Dre! You got me feeling like I can't be touched right now fool
I'm unstoppable
Damn[Eminem:]
Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise!
Aww shit, yeah
Y'all ready to get this shit started or what?
Aight, well I brought some friends with me too

Now I ain't back just for the sake of just saying I'm back
I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks
Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black
Out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac
Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturing
Double shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurring
Whoa-oh, I can't see shit, my words get to slurring
Uh-oh! You can call me R. Kelly now, you're in trouble!
What's occurring before, after and during the show
Has no bearing on the bad news I'm bearing, whoa
What is it, wordplay? No I'm pushing you out the door
So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow
Now stomp your fuckin' feet 'til you get to squishing a hoe
It's pandemonium standing know when you see him, oh
Damn baby you look good, you're giving me wood
You should, pull over like a sweat-shirt with a hood
It's neck work, get her polly on, you and me both
Break bread while I'm copping over this game to pinch a loaf
Now homie who's your favorite pain in the ass?
Who claims to be spitting the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed
In other words I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas
Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn airbags from the dash
Went through 'em and laughed
Came back an hour after the accident and bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half!
So stop faking the funk and start shaking your ass
Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap
And Just Blaze on the track, what's the fuck's more amazing than that?
Slut, answer me that, Royce where you at?

[Royce Da 5'9":]
I'm right here Fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers I pry apart you
Lump on your head designed by a bar stool
Designed by a cartoon
Before I need to be hired, Jimmy Io' fire Marshall
The 9 tucked against the lining
I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69ing
It's like Rick James is shooting up your house nigga!
Fuck yo' couch nigga!
You're screaming, "Fuck the world!" with your middle finger up
While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud
My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit, for murder
Because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel to O.J. to Glove
I got a Posse of Insane Clowns
Blow your brains on your opposite ear, and ask you how your brain sounds
Bad, Evil, we go Alfred E. Neuman mad cerebral
You on your last burrito!
(What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eating
Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern
Slaughterhouse on fire, nobody touching that
Good day and good night, Ortiz yo where the fuck you at?

[Joell Ortiz:]
I'm right here in my Nike Airs, Buzz Light-years
Ahead of my mic peers, quite scary to look at a nightmare
Where my book at? I write fear in the heart of you tight squares
I harbor the art, of you nice wear
It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear
Uncle Al's breath after polishing off his ninth beer
Homie chill, listen, I swear
I'm God, I give tracks a Holy-feel, and they bite ears
I'm right here, why wouldn't I be?
Just waiting to be hooked to IV as Mumm-Ra's
Well when you look at my pee
And this joint, no exception, so just point a direction
And record the pig's oink, when I rip his intestine
This isn't just an infection
This won't go away with penicillin injections
Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection, what I exhibit
Seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it
Aw shiddit, I did it again, when I liddift this pen
I emitted this phlegm, this time it's alongside Emiddinem
So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgusting hook
Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook?

[Crooked I:]
I'm right here letting the shottie pop, quick as a karate chop
Get your body shot, get your top chopped, like a lollipop
Call it Maserati drop, in the body shop
Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molli-wopped
I take your life to the ninth inning
A knife in the gunfight, I love it, me and my knife winning
I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny
I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money
Man, all the bitches holla - they wanna drop my britches
Then jaw on my dick and swallow, leave drawers in this Impala
I ball like Iguodala, I bear more arms than six koalas
As soon as I draw, get sent to Allah
Bilinguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun
I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn
I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con
A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam!
Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, are South flying
We do it to try to do without trying
(Slaughterhouse!) 'Cause to us it's so easy
Where's Jumpoff Joe Beezy?[Eminem:]
We never saw from each other's sides, or eye to eye
Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight
So much baggage, need a luggage rack
But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds
Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you
Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth
Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue lashing, then you
Laughed at a stomach tat with the tomb stone
It was funny back in our youth
But then it wasn't after we knew
That we were done and actually through (and actually through)
But if there's one fraction of truth
If it could be spun back I would do
So many things different (things different)
'Cause it was such a dumbass excuse
You hit me once and that I would use
To continue the pattern of abuse
Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I'm confused
Because

[X Ambassadors:]
How come you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband

[Eminem:]
You were the beat I loved with a writer's block
The line that's hot, that I forgot
We laughed a little, cried a lot
I'll never forget when you came home and you held Hailie
Day before you went to jail and daily
How we'd wait for that mail lady
Or by the phone for Mom to call
And I watched you pull yourself up and we decided on
Givin' it one more try despite it all
You're my lightning rod when my sky gets dark
I'm your shiny rocks in that tiny box
When we tied the knot, when we broke the knot
Every line we crossed we were supposed to not
Every time we fought, the insults, they got… thrown too far
Words that we said that we didn't mean
The words that we meant that we didn't say
The ones that we thought that we shoulda said
Letters written that we coulda read
Which maybe woulda lead to some good instead
And had this put to bed
But I'd be lyin' still if I said I wasn't sittin' here askin' myself

[X Ambassadors (Eminem):]
How come you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband ([Hailie:] Dad) (you said)
Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply)
But there's always another side to a good father
A great dad, but a bad husband

[Eminem:]
We brought out the worst in each other
Someone had to make the sparring end
'Cause I loved you, but I hated that me
And I don't wanna see that side again
But I'm sorry, Kim
More than you could ever comprehend
Leavin' you was fuckin' harder than
Sawing off a fuckin' body limb
Once upon a time where all we had
Maybe that's what drew us
To each other, it was true love
Shit, we never knew was possible
We might have loved each other too much
And maybe that's what made us do what
We did to each other, all the screw-ups
'Cause you always thought that you was
More in love with me
And I was thinkin' I was more in love than you was
For all the times that we thought it worked
'Til we saw how wrong we were
When the dust settles now and all the dirt
If I touch the rawest nerve
All I want is for us not to hurt
And it's been an exhaustive search to find the words
But I just heard "Mockingbird"
And got the urge to jot some verses and thoughts
The purpose was not to stir up or open wounds
I've caused a few and so have you
Or argue whose fault it was
Partly yours, partly mine, but really no one's
This is so tough, I'm gettin' choked up
Oh fuck it, we both suck
We broke up, got back together
We both thought we had forever
Not bad people, just bad together
We were so nuts, backstabbed each other
Another blow struck, but there's no duckin' this blow
'Cause it's over and it's closure
But I'm not so sure how to close this
I just don't know how some people can be so good
At one thing and so fucked at a whole nother
Shit, it's no wonder

[X Ambassadors (Eminem):]
How come, how come, you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband ([Hailie:] Dad) (you said)
Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply)
But there's always another side to a good father
A great dad, but a bad husbandAmerica, we love you
How many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful country of ours
The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect the women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech the United States Government has sworn to uphold
(Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) or so we're told...

I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me,
Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs.
It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me.

So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed,
In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays.
And straight through your radio waves it plays and plays,
'Til it stays stuck in your head for days and days.

Who would've thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair
With some peroxide reaching for a T-shirt to wear,
That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this?
How could I predict my words would have an impact like this?

I must've struck a chord, with somebody up in the office,
Cause Congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems,
And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government,
I'm lovin' it,
I shoveled shit all my life,
And now I'm dumping it on

White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get

Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself,
If they were brown, Shady lose, Shady sits on the shelf,
But Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimples would help
Make ladies swoon, baby—ooh, baby!—look at my sales,

Let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I
Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that,
But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back,
Gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at,

When I was underground, no one gave a fuck I was white,
No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like
"Fuck it!" until I met Dre, the only one to look past,
Gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up Under his ass,

Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got
Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got,
Like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow,
I'm like my skin is just starting to work to my benefit now,
It's

White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get

See the problem is I speak to suburban kids
Who otherwise would've never knew these words exist
Whose moms probably would've never gave two squirts of piss,
'Til I created so much motherfuckin' turbulence,

Straight out the tube right into your living rooms I came,
And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre,
That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in,
And they connected with me too because I looked like them,

That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope,
Searchin' with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope
Waitin' to choke
Tightening around my throat,
Watching me while I write this,
Like I don't like this,
Nope,

All I hear is lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy,
Sponsors working 'round the clock to try to stop my concerts early
Surely hip-hop was never a problem
In Harlem
Only in Boston,
After it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom,

So now I'm catchin' the flak
From these activists when they raggin',
Actin' like I'm the first rapper
To smack a bitch, or say "faggot",

Shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal,
The posterchild,
The motherfuckin' spokesman now for...

White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get

So to the parents of America,
I am the Derringer aimed at little Erica
To attack her character,
The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns
Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of congress,
And piss on the lawns of the White House,
To burn the flag and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker
To spit liquor
In the faces of in this democracy of hypocrisy

Fuck you, Ms. Cheney,
Fuck you, Tipper Gore,
Fuck you with the freest of speech this Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have,
Fuck you,

I'm just playin', America, you know, I love youYeah! Oh! Get up! Where my dreads at?
I said get up!
You know what happens when I'm around, man
Let's go!

Better watch out, now
Here we come (come)
And we ain't stoppin' until
We see the mornin' sun (sun)
So give us room to do our thing
'Cause we ain't come to hurt no one (one)
So everybody come and get up on the floor
Now and grab someone (one)

Man first of all I'm a boss
I just wanna get that across
Man even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows
Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here come and get him
If you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him?
'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now, get amped, dance!

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!

Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get outta bed
'Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' "Die Santa!"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryna play the wall like you Paul
And get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for the ladies in the minis
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north, east and west, but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it, 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy
C'mon

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!

Now whether you're black, white or purple
If you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck
You ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good
Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood
Now honey, don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
'Cause girl I got a sick whip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and
Make a five-seater
I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground
And flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell you now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw
You feel me, y'all?
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up!

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party![Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
For four hours and you just said, "No"
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S.
We should be together, too

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim,—shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk,
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal, crash, loud splash*]

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too?
I say that shit's just clowning , dawg
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was... it was you
Damn!Oh, my goodness
What have I done
Oh no
I can't believe it
It's like I've got the whole world in my palm
And I'm ready to drop bombs

Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca Rebecca
It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca
That's my sector
Homosexual dissector
Come again rewind selector

I said nice rectum
I had a vasectomy Hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lecter into guy sex and I bet ya
I tantalize ya in less than five seconds I get ya

They say once bitten and twice shy
Well lie next to the guy
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities
Why yes sir
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser

That's my kinda vibe what else should I try Lester
Drop-kick the bitch before her second trimester
Perform the home abortion with Dexter
Then I guess I'll dig her fetus out
With a wire hanger then digest her

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends

All my West Side bitches throw it up
Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell off the deep end, sure enough
So you better change the station to keep from throwing up

Man you seen it all before you're all too familiar with it
There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
You know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't I won't rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole you kidding?

I'll pee on Rihanna
See man I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room
Crazy-gluing Madonna
To the La-Z-Boy sofa
Fold her in two then sit on her
Imagine a visual for that man

Who would've thought I could ever be such a relentless prick
Unleashing his vengeance
But the chick's so old
She looks like she outlived a life sentence
I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
If you weren't so defensive
It wouldn't be
You're so sensitive

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends

Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand
Here you need a hand, big man, grab hold of this branch
With both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man

Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault
His name rhymes with so many different words
Jeeze
So one last time, Mister Christopher Reeves
Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse please

Eminem I'm coming to kill you
Always hated you and I still do
You'll never fill my shoes
My Superman costume
Doesn't even fit you they don't feel you

You're taking this shit too far
Who d'you think you are?
Hang my suit up in the armoire
Every day I hate you more and more
Throw down the cardboard
Let's break-dance if you think you're hardcore

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends

The world is mine!All aboard, okay, next stop, my basement… ha ha
I'll meet you down there

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady
You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touché me
Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele
Woopsa-that-a-fucking-daisy
That's a no-no even she knows dada's fucking crazy
Fucking animal, cuckoo, bananas, fucking A B
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby
You may think it's 'cause of the way that I was brought up
But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does
You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started
Now your brain's all haunted 'cause of all the shit you thought of
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
I never thought it'd come to this, I ought to just be honest but

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert, and Aiken ain't gonna make it
They get so mad, when I call them both faggots
all these fucking voices in my head I can't take it
Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'fore I shake it
You're standing adjacent to Jason, slash, Leatherface, and
Together makes 'em a fucking bad combination
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation
Shoved the Wiener Schnitzel up his ass, hopped away
somebody please stop the patient, get the cops to mace him
Homie, I'm the Scheiße, ask Doctor Dreizehn
I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son
No, not a-now, not a chance, not today son
I can't believe I leave for one brief second
And you pussies queef all over the rap game, naked
And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, feck it
I'll just keep saying the same exact saying, check it

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later
I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave-I
Thinking 'bout an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em
Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em
Yeah, for every time you ride down the street
Or hideout, drive by my house and beep
Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep
Lie down fucker (baa), try countin' sheep
And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?
Mace in your face bitch, cry now pussy
This is my house, all nine thousand feet
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth
Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top
Stand above em,just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop!

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit
This must be all that there is, this must be it
Fucking-A even got a bidet
to wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper
Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off
I can just toss a flying saucer in it
The shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator
Living in a house with a fucking elevator[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?

[Eminem:]
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ha!, Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, God damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so

Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid

Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh

[Eminem:]
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes
To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny,
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful
So...[Jessie Reyez:]
You're such a nice guy, a nice guy
You're faithful, you don't lie
After the club, you go back home right
Ri-i-ight, psy-y-ych!

Suck my dick, you fucking suck man
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man
I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man

I hop in your whip and take a sip then I gun it
I don't, I don't got my self control, I hope that you running
I'm bipolar with the switch up just as quick like you cumming
I don't, I don't got much self control, I hope that you running

[Eminem:]
I'm not a cheater, but if I'ma be accused, might as well be
You tell me you'll take me back when hell freezes but females be
Rushin' me outside my telly, temptation overwhelms me
Like my monthly bill from Sprint, they chargin' me for a selfie

[Jessie Reyez:]
Chargin' me, so I gave my hotel key
Eh, I was tryna be nice

[Jessie Reyez & Eminem:]
You're such a nice guy, a nice guy
You're faithful, you don't lie
After the club, you go back home right
Ri-i-ight, psy-y-ych!

Suck my dick, you fucking suck bitch
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man
I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck
Suck my dick, you fucking suck, bitch

[Jessie Reyez:]
I play your music while you suffer like I'm Carmine Coppola
You're tied up in the basement while I chill on your sofa
La próxima yo sé que mejor me quedo sola
Estas de buenas que yo ya vendí mi pistola

[Eminem:]
I'm an emotional wreck, weak, everything over affects me
When you joke it upsets me, you say I'm no good at sex
And you think I'm gross and unsexy
I need scope 'cause my breath stinks
You hope that I choke on a Pepsi
Bitch you was supposed to correct me
Been texting you since three, I still get no fucking reply
You say you sleep alone, but yet your mattress is king size
Fuck you going in those knee high boots, cut it out bitch
I doubt that you're going to house sit in that outfit, and those skin-tight Levi's
Every word that comes out your mouth's a fucking lie
Oh, it's spring time, time for you to have a fling like a slingshot
You say "don't come over" 'cause you got pink eye
But I think I got just the thing
Why don't I bring my fucking bat and just swing byYeah, trying to figure out the difference
But I think, I think the lines are starting to get blurry

I'm in a strange place
I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grimming every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face
I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em
'Cause that's where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints
I just wanna hurt you, aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's
I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is
I'm strapped for battle sucka-duck, crawl out the back, it's a bar fight
Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air
And bottles breaking, mirrors also
And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full
You done called every woman a slut, but you're forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin)
Oh my bad, slut
And next time I show up to court I'll be naked and just wear a lawsuit
Judge be like "That's sharp, how much did that motherfucker cost you?
Smart ass, you're lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker
You're so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you "au jus"
'Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo.
Evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you."
I believe people can change, but only for the worse
I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
So satanic K-Mart chains panic
'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words
'Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker
(rape your mother, kill your parents)

Shit, motherfucker, and these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screaming "fuck, shit, fuck"
Adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits, fuck that"
I'd rather be loud and I like swearing
From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes"
But my fucking mouth was nightmarish
And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this
And the opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums
Often as I can and skim through all them bitches
To make sure I keep up with my competition
(ha ha) Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies

There's darkness closing in (evil twin)
There it goes again (my evil twin),
It controls my pen (my evil twin),
But that ain't me, it's my evil twin
(then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin)
But he's just a friend (evil twin),
Who pops up now and again (again)
So don't blame me (evil twin)
Blame him, it's my evil twin
(then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin)

Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

So who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber?
Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither
Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than strep with the fever
Get the Cloriseptic, Excedrin, Aleve or Extra Strength Tylenol 3's
Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin'
Bed-ridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heath-uh- Ledger
My suicide notes, barely legible read the
Bottom, it's signed by The Joker
Lorena said I never can leave her
She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch
Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers
I ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver
Golly-wally, I vent, heat register, Jesus
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definitely my destiny
When on the steps I met DeShaun at Osborn
I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
Flip burgers and wash dishes while I wrote rhymes tryna get props for 'em
'Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em
They were sleeping, I made 'em stop snorin'
Made 'em break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip-hop in its tip-top form
Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn
Screaming, "Fuck the police!" like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn
Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an evil twin, so who the fuck do you think that 3rd and that 4th spot's for?
And crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him
And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin (evil twin)
Please come in, what was your name again?
Hi, faggot
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's so small up there
Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me
That I should call the Looney Police to come get me
'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish someone'd finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, ho
Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony
Hey ho, hey ho
I sound like I'm tryna sing the fucking chorus to "Hip Hop Hooray"?
No, I'm hollering, you got bottom end like an 8-0-8
And I base whether we're fucking off that instead of your face, so
Let your low-end raise, yo
Tango, what you think, ho?
Slow dancing in the bowling
You tryna hold hands with your homie?
What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune, you ain't got a remote chance to control me
Hoe, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work
So are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work
But all bullshit aside I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit as dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
'Cause we are the same, bitch[Intro-EMINEM]
Big Proof, rest in peace dudey, we love you,
We just wanna keep making you proud, heh...

[PROOF]
My life is trapped in these lines,
Thats why I'm packing these nines,
I got a rap i ain't diein',
Thats in the back of my mind,
Got a strap made of iron,
Cant relax on this grind,
Bending over backwards for these slackers
Til I'm snapping my spine,
Natural high...i gotta focus,
On these bogus pochers,
Looking over my shoulder,
Proof get it poppin like show'd a hold up,

[EMINEM]
WE NOTHING BUT SOLDIERS!!!
[PROOF]
SLOW UP!
[EMINEM]
THIS GUN IS LOADED!!!
[PROOF]
ROLL UP!
[EMINEM]
THEY BEEF 'N WE LEAVING 'EM COKED UP!!!

[PROOF]
If Em say it i spray it,
If he will it i kill it,
We kilpatrick 'n ill it,
Yo Detroit, know i can feel it,
Will at this gun on my waiste-line,
At war we don't waste time,
Blow up magic cant take a punch,
And fifty can take 9, (BLAOW!!),
We got schoolcraft here at the seven-eight and dexter,
I'm up 'n holla spending dollars ain't feeling no pressure,
Yes suh', ya texta' is bitch...
Bet'chya ya flinch when proof shoot up they crew
And wet ya whole clique...Just the two of us.. [8X]

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. [2X]
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. [4X]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you babyYeah...
It's my life...
In my own words I guess...

Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy, look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play, Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-by baby...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more. "Daddy, you're lying.
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy, you're mine."
She's piling boxes in front of the door tryna block it
"Daddy, please, Daddy, don't leave, Daddy, no, stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with you."
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking, 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying, "You've got one more chance to do right, and it's tonight.
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late."
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy, it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding."
But, baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'.
"You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad.
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'.
That's all I wanted, I just wanna give you this coin.
I get the point. Fine. Me and Mommy are going."
But, baby, wait.
"It's too late, Dad, you made your choice.
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us."
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream, "Die Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes,
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes
And burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging,
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her,
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[*curtains closing and sounds of clapping*]Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down...

[Chorus]
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

[Verse 1]
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can
Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause

[Chorus][Police voice:]
Attention all units, attention all units
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair
I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair
He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife
Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's
He could be coming at your girlfriend next

[Verse 1:]
There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 2:]
We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors
Protectors and be sure that you stand close
Watch each others backs and guard your command post
And most of all be advised that he's wise
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 3:]
I'm on a solo mission to find him personally
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully
For what he first did to me
It's sure to be the last
Following footprints with a magnifying glass
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
"Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya"

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 4:]
I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs
Inside the depths of his basement
I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place went!
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Verse 5:]
Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we finally met again
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine
He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
Beating him over the head with the telephone

[Police voice:]
Attention all cars, attention all cars
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat
He's going back to the crazy home, how about that?

[Chorus:]
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!If I could rewind time like a tape
Inside a boombox
One day for every pill
Or percocet that I ate
Cut down on the Valium
I'da heard everything
But death is turning so definite, wait
They got me all hooked up to some machine
I love you, Bean
Didn't want you to know I was struggling
Feels like I'm underwater
Submerged like a submarine
Just heard that nurse say
My liver and kidneys aren't functioning
Been flirtatious with death
Skirt-chasing, I guess
It's arrivederci
Same nurse, just heard say
They're unplugging me
And it's your birthday
Jade, I'm missing your birthday
Baby girl, I'm sorry
I fucking hate when you hurt, Hai
And sweeties, thank you for waiting
To open gifts
But, girls, you can just open 'em
Dad ain't making it home for Christmas
Wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss
I go to make a fist
But I can't make one, I'm frozen stiff
I yell, but nothing comes out
I'm crying inside, I shout
My vocal cords won't permit me
I scream, but it's not aloud
You put your arm around mama
To calm her, wow
I just thought about the aisle
I'll never get to walk us down
Never see you
Graduate in your caps and gowns
It's 'bout to be 2008
How's this happening now?
I've got so much more to do
And Proof, I'm truly sorry
If I let you down, but this tore me in two
The thought of no more me and you
You gave me shoes, Nikes like new
For me for school
Doody, I'm trying, but you
You were the glue that binded
So many things, time
I'd give anything to rewind it
I had to walk down my halls
And constantly be reminded
By pictures all on my walls
And I couldn't sleep at night 'cause
That image burned in my brain
Of you on the table
Me falling across your body
Not able to stand to save you
God, why did you take him?
I'm tryna keep his legacy alive
But I'm dying, where's Nathan?
Little ladies, be brave
Take care of your mother
Smile pretty for pictures
Always cherish each other
I'll always love ya
And I'll be in the back of your memory
And I know you'll never forget me
Just don't get sad when remembering
And, little bro, keep making me proud
You better marry that girl
'Cause she's faithfully down
And when you're exchanging those sacred vows
Just know that if I could be there, I would
And should you ever see parenthood
I know you'll be good at it
Oh, almost forgot to do something
Thank my father too
I actually learnt a lot from you
You taught me what not to do
And Mom, wish I'd have had the chance
To have one last heart-to-heart
Honest and open talk to you
Doody, I see you
I go to walk to you
And I can feel my soul leave my body
And float across the room
Nurses lean over the bed
Pulling tubes out
Then the sheet over my head
Shut the room down
Girls, please don't get upset
I see those cheeks soaking and wet
As you squeeze hold of my neck
So forcibly, don't wanna let
Me go, pillow drenched
Emotional wrecks
With every second each closer to death
But suddenly, I feel my heart
Begin to beat slow, then a breath
Machines go (beep, beep, beep)
Must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit
I'm tryna rewind time like a tape
Find an escape
Make a beeline
Try and awake
From this dream, I need to re-find
My inner strength
To remind me
Even if a steep climb I must take
To rewrite a mistake
I'm rewinding the tape

(I don't want it)
I'll put out this last album, then I'm done with it
One hundred percent finished, fed up with it
I'm hanging it up, fuck it
Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know
That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold
And if things should worsen, but I bet you they won't
I'm pledging to throw this methadone in the toilet
Shred these old letters I wrote
All that old pathetic loathing, closing credits can roll
I'm proud to be back
I'm 'bout to, like a rematch
Outdo Relapse
With Recovery, Mathers LP2
Help propel me to
Victory laps
Gas toward them and fast forward the past
Consider the last four minutes as
That's the song I'd have sang to my daughters
If I'd have made it to the hospital
Less than two hours later, but I fought it
Came back like a boomerang on 'em
Now a new day is dawning
I'm up, Tuesday, it's morning
Now I know[Intro - Cowboy (Jeff Bass):]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em
Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold-blood
That old saloon there was their little "home away from home"
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9"

[Eminem:]
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And a noise is spread, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head
Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed
Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said...

[Royce:]
Who hard? Yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the Devil
Intelligence level is hellier than treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man
Disgraced the race of an atheist
Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords
I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation
Collaborating attempting to take over the Earth

[Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law cause I don't agree with police either (Shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane)
No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cause I can't find a decent vein

[Royce:]
The disaster with dreads
I'm bad enough to commit suicide
And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slipping bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
Whipping human ass, throwing blows, cracking jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazing MCs, at the same time amazing MCs
Somehow, MCs ain't that eyebrow-raising to me
From all of angles of us, flash a Mack loud enough
To cast a avalanche and bust till volcanoes erupt

[Interlude:]
[phone rings]
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!

[Eminem:]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me?
I'm the one who burned your house down, well I'm out now
And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon' leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe

[Royce and Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waiting) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da 5'9", Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye-bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what ('til next time)

[Cowboy:]
And so that's the story when Bad meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?
[Footsteps and windblowing]Look, if I were to rap
About the crap
That's out
That's the route
You'd probably want me to take
'Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers

If I was to say something about Paul Wall,
You'd probably crap in your pants,
'Cause I'm white, and he's white,
So he's like my competition
I mean, right?

Nope, Paul Wall is dope
And so's Bubba, so
But I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali Shuffle,
And dance around my opponents, do donuts
Sometimes I play possum
Like I'm asleep it's awesome
I'm like a sleeping giant,
And when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey
And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em full of poison
And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em
And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em
And smack 'em with the backward E, the Eminem emblem

I was taught if you're gonna murder somebody you should face em
Tell em why,
Look them dead in the eye,
Then waste 'em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
And swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell
In the shadows of all who are willing to sell
Their souls for this rap game and it goes
1, 2, 3 (check, check) 1, 2, 3 (check, check) 1, 2, 3,
That ain't the hook, now follow me

There's nothing else for me to say,
My public adores me
Everybody bores me,
They're just so corny
So at night before I sleep I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers, "Come nearer."

My darling,
I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

"Shady, I know you're in there somewhere. Come here.
Talk to me, sit. Here, pull up a chair.
Why don't you cut your hair?
Dye it back, come on, try it."
No, I told you, leave me the fuck alone, will you?
"But I'm here to rebuild you."
But I already killed you!
"But Shady, we were meant for each other.
Think about your mother."
Yeah so what of her?
"Well think about what she did to you and your little brother.
All them foster homes.",
Fuck you motherfucker! I had you beat
"No I was playin' possum.
Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom.
I gave you enough time.
Your soul's mine.
I'm taking it back."
You fucking bitch why!?
"Because I love you. Look a little closer.
Isn't that us on that poster?"

My darling,
I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

"Shady, listen..."
(Shady!)
"You hear that?
They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back"
But I don't want it back!
"Yes you do."
No I don't!
"Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later!"
No I won't!
"I'mma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor"
Go ahead, I already talked to Dre yesterday
"Well I got him on the phone right now!"
(Slim!)
You're lying,
"Yo Slim",
How, why now! What up Dre?
"Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to ya.
I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your
Drugs, you became a lot softer"
But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
"Well, just think about it Slim, I don't care.
Just hit me back, and let me know what's up"
Fuck this mirror!
"I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you.
Let me guide you"
Fuck you, die you son of a bitch
"Put the gun down",
Bye bye!
OK I'm still alive,
"So am I too!
You can't kill a spirit, even if you tried to
You sold your soul to me. Need I remind you?
You remember that night you prayed to God
You'd give anything to get a record deal.
Well Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right ooh?
Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, wooo!
Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too
That you're just now seeing the downside to
Lose your best friend from highschool, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil
Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle.
Marshall."
What!
"No one's gonna love you like I do!"

My darling,
I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I said, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your bodyAnother day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though
Oh well, this is my life so
As I go and try to close for the night's show
See how far that line goes
Still blows my mind show
Business guess I'll just never get
So this shit just always feels so weird
To this day because all I ever did
Was just say the shit I wouldve wanted to hear
Other people say to me when I was a kid
So please don't make me some type of hero
Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way
But still will have a field day with some of the
Fucked up shit in the world and tell it to suck the dick
Cause I still make fun of a sit.
Someone's in like a son of a bitch
At another's expense, I'm fuckin' relentless
As fuck when it comes to this pen
I struggle with coming to my senses
Stuck on the fence on a balance beam if I seem unbalanced
It's challenging but my conscience allows me to think
The most foulish childish things without even blinking
Without even thinkin' about, all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds
I'm scream in the palace, sold out this evening
But now it's, lay me down to sleeping
Is it really my soul to keep or
Have I sold it cheap is it greed
Do I take more than I need
When I joke about leavin'
But keep over achievin'
Because what's stolen from me barely broke even

It's a fine, fine line
It's a fine, fine line

So I notice how I paint myself
And through my hair when ordeals I'm so vain
I want my respect but ignore the
Butterfly effect that comes from my dialect
Till I, sit in the dark and I reflect
And my reflection shows what it's like here
Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights yeah
It's like a nightmare
I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare
And I don't like how I see myself so I
Open the Bible to Isaiah cause
I swear to Christ there are nights where
I stay up at night just to say a prayer twice
Just to make sure God hears cause this ice layer
Ice skate on the nice way
Puting it but I like staying
Feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player
I got a nice pair of dice here
Sealed off in my lair
Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit
From in this house it's quite bare, but it ain't when you can't leave it
And I feel so isolated, nice I made it
But it's like I payed the price of fame twice I hate it
So I bitch about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it
Then I wonder why I stay famous
Keep walkin' the line
This gold fish poke gets old
But especially when you don't know
If your conscience is sayin' I told you so
You don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier
Or if you sold your soul

It's a fine, fine line
It's a fine, fine line

And from here you look so small
Hovering high above us all
Please come back, to me

I still remember the times when
They were, simpler than the rhymes of
Vanilla Ice were, when I was just killin' the mics
I'll never forget what that feeling was like I,
Miss those times now when I was just starting out
Without a dime and, now I'm diamond
Can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been
Stuck in this house hibernatin'
Hate even going outside it
Sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse, I don't even want to buy nothin'
I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it
Look how excited, I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and
Everything about it I miss
Which now reminds me
Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz
Wow, I must have had Alzheimers
Long time since I shouted them out, bout time
Cause it's been on my mind lately how
Zee you always supported me
You vouched, I will never forget that and
How you guys, accepted me for me and Pace
I love you too, you slept on my couch
And I been thinkin' bout the time I slept on the floor at the outhouse
Rhyming is all we ever wanted to do
And regardless how life has turned out
Inside I'll always be an outsider
My life has been turned inside out but I

It's a fine, fine line
It's a fine, fine lineA lot of people ask me stupid fucking questions.
A lot of people think that what I say on a record or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life or that I believe in it.
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody that I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it.
Well, shit, if you believe that then I'll kill you.
You know why?
'Cause I'm a criminal

Criminal
You're goddamn right
I'm a criminal
Yeah, I'm a criminal

My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head
Whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress
Hate fags? The answer's "yes"

Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulging
That's my motherfucking balls,
You'd better let go of 'em
They belong in my scrotum,
You'll never get hold of 'em

"Hey, it's me, Versace
Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checking the mail."
Get it? Checking the 'male'?

How many records you expecting to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail?
C'mon! Relax guy, I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an "amen". A-men!

Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital

Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing
'Cause I watch TV, and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from topping these charts
And you can't stop me from dropping each March
With a brand new CD for these fucking retards
And to think, it's just little ol' me
Mr. Don't-Give-A-Fuck still won't leave

[2x]
I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme,
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word,
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

My mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes, and speed
The baby came out disfigured, ligaments indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby 'cause that baby was me

I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger

I drink more liquor
To fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for saying the word ...
My morals went ... when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk
Off of his own employee

Now don't ignore me,
You won't avoid me
You can't miss me, I'm white, blonde-haired
And my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs
As long as it ain't happened to him

Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined
"The Maniac's in" in place of the doctor
'Cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather,
So I'm taking his place

Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a criminal

Aight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker
Get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there
Aight
I'll be right here waiting on you
Aight
Yo Em
What?!
Don't kill nobody this time
Awwright. Goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fucking nerves
Aha?
How you doin'?
Hi, how can I help you?
Yeah I need to make a withdrawal
Okay
Put the fucking money in the bag bitch and I won't kill you!
What? Oh my God, don't kill me
I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit looking around.
Don't kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me, don't kill me
I said I'm not gonna fucking kill you
Hurry the fuck up! Thank you!
Go, go, go!

Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it
I'll hide for five minutes

Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet

If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfucking chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut

Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'mma be a fucking rapist in a Jason mask

[4x]
I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme,
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word,
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one[Eminem:]
Yo! I bust in, devilish grin, disgustin'
Asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt chin
Calling all party animals, get
On the floor when I pop up on some Whack-A-Mole shit
In search of a chick who stacked them so thick
And implants are so big
She can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits
Like Anna Nicole Smith
Body's bananas and sass to go wit'
I spot you at first glance and go "shit!"
You wearin' those pants that don't fit
That butt won't ever give up
That's why you stick it out no matter what
'Cause you got an ass that won't quit
So, get on the horn, my saxophone
Grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow!
You just laugh and go heehee
'Cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate
That's why

[Eminem, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts:]
I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me)
I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me)

[Eminem:]
You know, I'm wearin' a new shirt tonight too, yo
With me on it

I'm lookin' at your tight rear like a sightseer
Your booty is heavy duty like diarrhea
The plan's to bring you to my house
You're drinkin' Jack and Beam
I'm thinkin' soon as trampolines so we should bounce
But you're out of your tube-top
If you're thinkin' that mi casa es su casa
Yeah, you're a cute fox
Perfect ten so back that up like a moonwalk
Girl, you're smokin' like Snoop Dogg
But you must be Token if you think you're takin' over my quarters
There goes the dime into the jukebox
Two shots of blue Hpnotiq and soon I'll
Turn this pool hall to a barroom brawl
So, Rick, scratch on the break like the cue ball
Turn the volume all the way up on your boombox
And excuse the locker room talk, I'm just too raw
But apparently, so are you, ma
'Cause you just kicked me in the balls and told me to screw off
And that's why

[Eminem, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts:]
I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me)
I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me)

Said can I take you home, where we can be alone?
Shorty, you the shit
Girl, I ordered you to sit
I know you're probably feelin' me more than you admit
Pull up a chair, sweetie, let me order you a drink
I only go to meetings court-ordered from a shrink
So from the bottom to the top, floor to ceiling
You ain't run of the mill, you're one in a million
'Cause real tits are still fun
But everybody knows fake tits are still better than real ones

[Eminem:]
So come and spend the night with the guy most are terrified of
But tonight, curiosity overrides ya
Besides you're fire (I love) like a starter pistol
Crystal and slides huns, tonight I'm your pilot
'Cause you should be up in the sky, girl
You're so fucking fly, you belong in the mile high club
So come on, baby, the night's young
Don't string me along, I'm high-strung
We might wind it up, unbound like we're trying for the Cy Young
Fuckin' 'fore we get to the house, screwin' our brains out
Like changing a lightbulb
That's why I like ya, 'cause I'm crazy just like ya
Now every time I get brain, you screw mine up
I barely can think straight, your head game is a mindfuck
So ready, set, aim and fire
Yes, babe, I'm fallin' in likeness kinda, why I love

[Eminem, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts:]
I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah me)
I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (yeah, me)[Eminem:]
Yeah, shout to everybody
Who's been on this trip with me
You don't have to, agree
But if you feel like me

Someone get this Aryan a sheet
Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached
Everybody on your feet
This is where terrorism and heroism meet, square off in the street
This chump barely even sleeps
All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats
While he looks like a canary with a beak
Why you think he banned transgenders from the military with a tweet? He's tryin' to divide us
This shit's like a cult, but like Johnny he'll only unite us
'Cause nothin' inside us drives us like this fight does
Similar to when two cars collide 'cause
Our spirit's crushed, and this spot's a tight one
But here the jaws of life come
To pull us from the wreckage, that's what we get pride from
When we can't wear stars and stripes 'cause
This type of pickle that we're in is hard to deal
But there's always tomorrow still
If we start from scratch like a scab, get the scars to heal
And band together for Charlottesville
And for Heather, fallen heroes, fill this wall with murals
Nevada get up, hit the damn resetter
Let's start from zero, this is our renewal
Spray tan, get rid of, get a brand new, better
America, and here's to where it all

[Alicia Keys & Eminem:]
And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

[Eminem:]
Didn't wanna piss your base off, did ya?
Can't denounce the Klan, 'cause they play golf with ya
You stay on Twitter, way to get your hate off
Nazi, I do not see a way y'all differ
And all you got are race cards, bigot
The swastika with your name carved in it
Should be your trademark, 'cause hate's all you played off
And you just lick the plate off
So I guess it pays to feed off of chaos
So basically, you ate off Hitler!
But you ain't ruinin' our country, punk
Or takin' our pride from us, you won't define us
'Cause like a dictionary, things are lookin' up
So much, got a sprained neck, know we would rise up
Against this train wreck and take a stand
Even if it means sittin' when they raise the flag
To sing "The Star-Spangled Banner"
This man just praised a statue of General Lee
'Cause he generally hates the black people, degrades hispanics
Take it back to the Shady national convention
Wish I woulda spit on it before I went to shake his hand
At the event or maybe had the wherewithal
To know that he was gonna try to tear apart
Our sacred land we cherish and stand for
So, hands in the air, let's hear it for
The start of a brand new America
Without him and be proud of where we're from
And here's to where we all

[Alicia Keys & Eminem:]
And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know that I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know
There's no place like home, no place like home
Wherever I go, no place like home
No place like home, no place like home
Wherever I go (yeah)

And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home[Eminem:]
Feels like a close, it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

[Eminem:]
Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is
Find different ways to word the same, old song
Ever since I came along
From the day the song called "Hi, My Name Is" dropped

Started thinkin' my name was Fault
'Cause any time things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on
The media made me the equivalent of a modern-day Genghis Khan
Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog

Gangster? Nah, courageous balls
Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft
And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws
And the fangs been out since then
But up until the instant that I went against it
It was ingrained in me that I wouldn't amount to a shit stain I thought
No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught

"Do I really belong in this game?" I pondered
I just wanna play my part, should I make waves or not?
So back and forth in my brain, the tug-o-war wages on
And I don't wanna seem ungrateful or disrespect the art form I was raised upon
But sometimes you gotta take a loss
And have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off

You keep pluggin', it's your only outlet
And your only outfit so you know they're gonna talk about it
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it, ah

Feel like I've already said this a kabillion eighty times
How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme?
What I really wanna say is if there's anyone else that can relate to my story
Bet you feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are
When I was afraid to

[Sia:]
I was a... afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out
Afraid I'd never be found (my dream)
I don't wanna go another round (but I won't)

An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run

Guts over fear (the time is near)
Guts over fear (might shed a tear)
For all the times I let you push me round
I let you keep me down
Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear

[Eminem:]
Feels like a close, it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

[Eminem:]
I know what it was like, I was there once, single parents
Hate your appearance, did you struggle to find your place in this world?
And the pain spawns all the anger on

But it wasn't 'til I put the pain in song learned who to aim it on
That I made a spark, started to spit harder
Shit-learned how to harness it while the reins were off

And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part
Was soon as I stopped saying "I gave a fuck"
Haters started to appreciate my art

And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I caused
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone?
And the lights go out in that trailer park?

And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows
And I'm frozen 'cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from
Just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun

So to the break of dawn
Here I go recycling the same old song
But I'd rather make "Not Afraid 2"
Than make another motherfucking "We Made You", uh

And I don't wanna seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs
My demise and my uprise, pray to God
I just opened enough eyes later on
Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use that'll make you strong
Enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt

'Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt
Just havin' to balance my dang self
When on eggshells I was made to walk
But thank you, ma, 'cause that gave me the
Strength to cause Shady-mania
So when they empty that stadium
'Least I made it out of that house and found a place in this world when the day was done

So this is for every kid who all's they ever did was dreamt of one day just getting accepted
I represent him or her, anyone similar, you are the reason that I made this song
And everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more
From this day forward, just let them a-holes talk
Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fuckin' faces off

The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I'm gone
And to think I was a

[Sia:]
I was a... afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way o-o-out
Afraid I'd never be found (my dream)
I don't wanna go another round (but I won't)

An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run

Guts over fear (the time is near)
Guts over fear (might shed a tear)
For all the times I let you push me round
I let you keep me down
Now I got, guts over fear, guts over fearHello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships
Do you have a daddy?
I'll bet you do
Who's your daddy?

[Hailie:]
Daddy, what're you doing?

[Eminem and Hailie:]
OK then! Everybody, listen up!

[Eminem:]
I'm going to Hell, who's comin' with me?

[Hailie:]
Somebody, please help him!
I think my dad gone crazy!

There's no mountain I can't climb
There's no tower too high
No plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you, to show you
There ain't nothing I can't take this chainsaw to
Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off, I got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed
Sunglasses with Elton John's name, on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, I been lying my ass off
All this time, me and Dre been fucking with hats off

[Dr Dre:]
Suck it Marshall

[Eminem:]
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before I push this motherfucking button and blast off
And launch one at these Russians, and that's all
Blow every fucking thing, except Afghanistan on the map, off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
Hailie, tell 'em baby

[Hailie:]
My dad's lost it

[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

It's like my mother always told me
Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana
and codeine and goddammit, you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
Fuck that shit, bitch, eat a motherfuckin' dick
Chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose
Than quit bringing my flows, quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why I'm so mean? If y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my M.O
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more?

[Hailie:]
Dad

[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
And at the same time, can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinterpret it at first
'Cause when I speak, it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fucking teeth before I'd ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit, every time I sung
Like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump N' Grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl inside of a
plane
Aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave
Screaming at the sky, 'til clouds gather it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And that's pretty much the gist of it, Parents are pissed, but the kids love
it
Nine millimeter, heater stashed, in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither

[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
Crazy

[Hailie:]
You're funny daddy![in a high falsetto voice]
Uncle Marshall!
Will you tell us a bedtime story?
[regular voice]
Here we go...

Now once upon a time not long ago
There was a little rapper about to blow
But his album came and it was not good
I think it went lead or double copper wood
So the silly little fans they were mislead
By a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head
"Me and you, 'Clef, we're gonna make some cash
Grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass"
Hey mister, would ya care to bare witness to
The ass-whippin' I'm about to administer
To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister
Stanabis, little Marshall Mathers' sister
And in this corner, we have the mister
Not havin' it, it's the mad sinister
Dr. Evil with his bag of tricks for
this little antagonist faggot dick-suckin'
Ex-LL Cool J fan from Windsor
I'm 'bout to murder little Kenny fag Keniff-sta
You bastard I ain't wanna have to diss ya
Canabis, where the fuck you at? I miss ya!

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch

Now at first I ain't really understand the shit
Picture me for a second and imagine it
Chillin' in the Bat-Mansion and relaxin'
When all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners
It's Can-i-bitch on some "Stan Lives" shit
It creeped me out at first. Man this is sick
For me, being just a sick, this conflict
Gets my dick harder than arithmetic
And I know how you jealous ones envy
I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
The first two letters you were tellin' me shit
Like you respect me, like any other regular MC
The third letter you ask how come I ain't return
None of the messages at Shady Records you left me 
The fourth letter: "Slim, you really startin' to upset me!" 
The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me 
The sixth letter there's a bomb threat in our building 
This crazy motherfucker's really tryin' to kill me! 
So I went back and read the first few letters that said 
Some shit about a message you left 
Oh shit, that's not an "E" that's an "A" 
This dude wants to leave me a "massage," he's gay!! 
Right away I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre 
We got a bogey! (Marshall I'm on the way) 

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch 

So in two seconds flat Dre's at my crib 
The funny thing is we both know where this kid lives 
And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship 
Shit. Oh Dre, wait a mintue that's it 
All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost 
We can fly over the border "Let's go" [WOOSH!]
So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed 
[BOOSH!] (What was that? Oh) Jermaine Dupri 
Fuck It, keep goin' no time to waste 
Wait, backup hit him one more time in case 
Okay .. fuck now he's draggin' under the car 
Oh well, only 30 more thousand miles 
Meanwhile me and Dre are tryin' to conversate 
Just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hate 
And tryin' to figure out what happened to 'Germaine Propaine' 
"He couldn't have fell off that hard" Ain't no way 
"What happened to the way you was rappin' when you was scandalous 
That Canibus turned into a television evangelist" 
Plus he raps with his regular voice [BOOSH! BOOSH!]
[BOOSH! BOOSH!] (What was that?) Pet Shop Boys 
So we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted 
His corpse was still movin' but his ass was rotted 
He kinda smelled a little like Courtney Love 
I figure if I stick him with a fork he's done 
So I stabbed him twice, kept jabbin', Christ 
He won't die, this guy's like a battered wife 
He's like Kim, he keeps comin' back for more 
But he won't fight back I cracked his jaw 
Hold up, 'Bis quit foldin' up! 
Punch me in the chest! Make my shoulders touch! 
Do somethin'! At least one punchline 
C'mon till the meter reads 9-9-9-
ty-nine percent of my fans are blonde 
'Bis c'mon answer me man respond! 
Tell me 'bout the sun rain moon and stars 
Intergalatical metaphors from Mars! 
Raw to the floor, raw like Reservoir Dogs 
Bite another line from Redman's song! 
Suddenly the stub from a dead man's arm 
From a midget reaches out from under the car 
It's JD, this motherfucker won't die neither 
Dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether 
We stomped the bitch and then stopmed the bitch again 
(Compton!) Detroit bitch! Talk some shit again! 
Stomp him! (switch feet) Stomp him! (switch again!) 
Dre alright he's dead dog, quit kickin him! 
I think Stanabis jumped off the bridge again (Damn)
He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again 

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitchTake me to the river
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

It's 2002, everything was totally new
We were globally huge, watching sales go through the roof
We wrote and we feuded, Runyon Avenue soldiers included
A multitude of homies who would bounce for no good excuse
We were so bulletproof wrote, souped and soaked in our youth
Thought we was running shit 'til we lost the sole of our shoe
The death of Doody broke us in two
We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do
And at the time I was going through my own struggles too
So I wasn't in no condition to be coaching us through
Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew
I was hoping they do, so I ain't have to shoulder the crew
The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew
How to stand on their own, and I don't wanna open up wounds
I just noticed that oomph was gone when we go in the booth
'Cause the truth is, the moment that Proof died, so did the group
Shoot…

If I could leave this all behind
I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
Down to the river with you
Help me leave this all behind

I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From it I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
End up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones

It was never the same, and it's bothered me since
And the farther we drift apart, the more awkward it gets
The more time goes by, the more life happens
And we gotta be men, we got responsibilities
Plus we don't say how we feel
And I feel like this is what got us in the debacle we're in
Been with you guys thick and thin
But it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends
Which reminded me Biz, "Rockstar" was the shit
Y'all coulda got you a hit without me on the shit
If you woulda put D12 on it, wish I coulda did
More than try talking you into coming up off of it
I know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is
I think of all of the trips to BET
And the rappers I wish that we woulda politicked with
Maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features
But that's water under the bridge
But I'm washing my sins in it 'til my conscience is cleansed

If I could leave this all behind
I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
Down to the river with you
Help me leave this all behind

I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From it I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
End up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones

Bacardi and Hen', never thought the party would end
One minute you're bodying shit, but then your audience splits
You can already sense the climate is starting to shift
To these kids you no longer exist
Went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch
To tiny drops, little drips
And by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed
You start thinking of all the artists you dissed
All the carnage you left, is this the kind of karma you get
For turning your fucking back on Bizzy, Kuniva and Swift?
A Freudian slip, subconsciously, I honestly wished
I ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment
But it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none
I just wish I had words, but I guess there just are none for this
To my partners, I can't say how sorry I am
This is not how I planned for our story to end
I love all of you men
But I just can't be the guy everybody depends
On for entire careers 'cause that's not even fair
I will always be here, but that spark isn't there
And I don't know how to recapture that time and that era
I've tried hearkening back to, but I'm fighting for air
I'm barely charting myself
Feels like I'm on the descent, but it was not my intent
To treat y'all like a stepping stone
Though I ain't left no one behind, but we been down every road
Done all we possibly can, I know we kept our hopes up
But the longer we spend living this lie that we live
The less is left for closure, so let's let this go
It's not goodbye to our friendship, but D12 is over

I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From it I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
End up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones
I never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones
I never meant to use you all for my stepping stones[Eminem & Dr. Dre:]
Marshall! Sounds like an SOS
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics, Andre, you're fucking right!
To the Rapmobile – let's go!
(Marshall! Marshall!)
Bitches and gentlemen! It's showtime!
Hurry hurry, step right up!
Introducing the star of our show
His name is (Marshall!)
You wouldn't want to be
Anywhere else in the world right now
So without further ado, I bring to you (Marshall!)

[Eminem:]
You 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
Most rawest form, flow almost flawless
Most hardest, most honest known artist
Chip off the old block, but old Doc is (back)
Looks like Batman brought his own Robin
Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden
With his own private plane, his own pilot
Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges
Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches
Away from you, dear, fear none
Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so

Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

Quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
Gee willikers Dre, "Holy bat syllables!"
Look at all the bullshit that goes on
In Gotham when I'm gone
Time to get rid of these rap criminals
So skip to your lou while I do what I do best
You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it
Flows too wet, nobody close to it
Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit
The most hated on out of all those who say
They get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much
They make it all up, there's no such thing
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans
It just means so much more to so much more
People when you're rappin' and you know what for
The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all
To Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon!

Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo
Two old friends, why panic? You already know
Who's fully capable, the two caped heroes
Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero
You can even call collect, the most feared duet
Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette
And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat
People steppin' over people just to rush to the set
Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely
Ease over these beats and be so breezy
Jesus, how can shit be so easy?
How can one Chandra be so Levy?
Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me
Believe me, BET and MTV
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, fo' sheezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear
Into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here
But we ain't fuckin' around round here
Yo, Dre (What up?) Can I get a "hell yeah"? (Hell yeah!)

Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

So there you have it, folks
(Marshall!) has come to save the day
Back with his friend Andre
Here to remind you that bullshit does not pay
Because (Marshall!) and Andre are here to stay
And never go away, until our dying day
Until we're old and grey (Marshall!)
So until next time, friends
Same blonde hair, same rap channel
Good night, everyone! Thank you for coming!
Your host for the evening (Marshall!)
Oh! Heh[Eminem:]
Aww look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now you're two
Baby, you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you

[Eminem (Kim):]
(Okay)
Don't make me wake this baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying, bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you
Just leave me and love him out the blue?
Oh, what's the matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like all right
You wanna throw me out? That's fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at, Kim
Look at your husband now!
(No!)
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?)
Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! You're never gonna get away with this!)
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride, bitch
(No!)
Sit up front
(Well, I can't just leave Hailie alone. What if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well, I will, you'll be in the trunk

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

You really fucked me, Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only 18
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
(I love you!)
Oh, God, my brain is racing
(I love you!)
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
(No!)
There's a four-year-old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him, didn't you?
(No!)
Bullshit, you bitch, don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you, asshole, yeah, bite me
Kim, Kim!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly, don't you?
(It's not that!)
No, you think I'm ugly
(Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I hate you! I hate you!
I swear to god, I hate you
Oh, my god, I love you
How the fuck could you do this to me?
(Sorry!)
How the fuck could you do this to me?

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Come on, get out
(I can't, I'm scared)
I said get out, bitch!
(Let go of my hair.
Please don't do this, baby
Please I love you, look we can just take Hailie and leave)
Fuck you
You did this to us
You did it, it's your fault
Oh, my God, I'm crackin' up
Get a grip, Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced
(No!)
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh, my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've... Hey! Where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me, Kim
It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! Ha! Got'cha!
(Ah!)
Ha! Go ahead, yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
Ah, somebody help!
Don't you get it, bitch, no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you
You were supposed to love me
Now bleed! Bitch, bleed!
Bleed! Bitch, bleed! Bleed!

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without youTell me where to go, tell me what to do
I'll be right there for you
Tell me what to say, no matter if it's true
I'll say it all for you

[Verse 1:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
'Cause I don't belong in this world
That's why I'm scoffing at authority, defiant often
Flying off at the handle at my mom, no dad
So I am non-compliant at home, at school I'm just shy and awkward
And I don't need no goddamn psychologist
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems
Thinking he can try and solve them
I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk
And in the front drive talking to myself
Either that or inside hiding off in the corner somewhere quiet
Trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker
'Cause he said that I eyeballed him

And if you fall, I'll get you there
I'll be your savior from all the wars that are fought
Inside your world
Please have faith in my words

'Cause this is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee,
It's not up to me,
We can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

[Verse 2:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling
'Cause I obsess on everything in my mind small shit
Bothers me but not my father, he said Sayonara then split
But I don't give a shit I'm fine long as
There's batteries in my Walkman nothing's the matter with me
Shit look on the bright side at least I ain't walking
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I
Find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it
Headphones on look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me life offers
Why bother even try and put up a fight, it's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin'
They're kinda giving me confidence
Instead of tryna escape through my comics,
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him
Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch
Who would've knew from the moment I turned the mic on that
I could be iconic, and my conquest
Is word to Phife Dawg from a tribe called Quest

This is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee,
It's not up to me,
We can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

[Verse 3:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off em
'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit
Now you shut up bitch, I am talking
Thought I was full of horseshit and now
You fucking worship the ground in which I am walking
Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins
'Cause you dicks, butt kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers
You gon' die a ball licker I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can
Suck a dick, the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exalting and I ain't halting
Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me and I'm the Fire Marshall and this is my

Legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee, it's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy[Girl's voice is Dina Rae]

You high, baby?
Yeah
Ya
Talk to me
You want me to tell you something?
Uh-huh
I know what you want to hear

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

[Verse 1]
They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now
Got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down
In a relationship
Save it bitch, babysit
You make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
Kiss my dick, get my cash
I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, I'll put you out
Won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice?
Buy you ice
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be? My new wife?
What you Mariah, fly through twice

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what?
That's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kinda car I'll be in
We'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

[2x]
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

First thing you say
"I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyway
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hailie Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, what's that say?"
"Rot in pieces, uh, that's great"
First off you don't know Marshall
At all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit
Leave hand prints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie
You must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have
Ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax, and slap you 'til you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

[2x]
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

[2x]
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman[20 seconds of background noise]
"It fits, perfect"

[Eminem]
Better watch out, sucka now I gotcha where I want ya
Onslaught, comin and I'm packin in my lunch up
Bunch of, missile launchers and a bunch of contra-
-band, van full of ganja, now come on jump
Man stop, mashin Marshall on my gotcha
Doin the cha-cha and the cucaracha with a quadra-
-plegic, boogeyin down to Frank Sinatra
Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya
Who'da knew the buddah do to me what it's done
Such cynicism when this isn't in my system
Blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lips son
So much on my hands I got to give my kids a fist bump
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin in my swim trunks
"Mister, help me" 's what he said to me and then sunk
Women skinning and then cutting them up in chunks
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin once

[Chorus: Eminem]
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill

[Eminem]
Always, you can see him lurkin in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place
Hide 'em in the wall, well how long will the drywall take?
Well fuck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait
Until it dries for the moment I guess you're all safe
After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumblin
You can even hear the evil spirits comin from within
Someone's in, the back of my damn house rummagin
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want to skin
Been, on the hunt again; when, will it ever end?
Evelyn, why you tryin to fight? You will never win
Severin, legs, arms, damn there goes another limb
Pull the lever then, trapdoor, death is evident

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin so chill
Fuckin whore you better fuckin hold still
Make sure none of that, lotion in the bucket don't spill
Cut 'em, gut 'em and just keep to stuffin those girls
Man I think she had enough of those pills
Sedate her then I'll wait, I'll come back later just to clutch on those steel
Blades, baby when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin told you!
I keep hearin voices like wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife
And push it right through her while you put ya shish-kabob skewers
Into her, barbecue her or would you do to her
What you usually do to a girl who's skin's newer?
[as Yoda] "In a world of sin you are, this is turnin into a
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are!"
I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya
Boo-yah, who ya think you're fuckin with; duck because here he comes again

[Chorus]Love.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me
No more.
Young Money...
No more.
Love.

[Lil Wayne:]
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "fuck the world", get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing about her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers
I'm rolling Sweets, I'm smoking sour
Married to the game but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles, uh.
I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down: I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on a triple beam
I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes, uh.
Be good or be good at it
Fucking right I've got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in their mouth, so I guess it's "fuck what they say"
I'm high as a bitch: up, up and away
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
OK, you want me up in a cage, then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code
It's Weezy motherfucker, Blood gang and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough but I don't even check the peep-hole
So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found

[Eminem and Lil Wayne:]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me)
That's right bitch (don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch you get (no love)
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (yeah, yeah)
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right (you don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you,
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love)
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Get em

[Eminem:]
I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life
I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin
To spaz with the pen, I'm a little bit sicker than
most
Shit's finna get thick again
They say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat them
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em
They call me a freak 'cause
I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute
Yeah that rap was tight
But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game
I so started to rock fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not gonna stop
I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop
'Til my hip don't hop anymore (shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
'Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (shit)
People just get sick 'cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride
Killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent
Is getting no mercy, mark my words
Ain't letting up, relentless
I smell blood, I don't give a fuck: keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love

[Eminem and Lil Wayne:]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me)
That's right bitch (don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch you get (no love)
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (around)
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right (you don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you,
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love)
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Bitch, you get (no love)Used to get, bent, now I represent to the fullest
Pencil is full of insolent bullets
I'm like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rott'
Mixed with a toxic, the plot begins to thicken
I begin to spitting like vintage Pac, demented
Demonic sinister, ever since the Doc replenished me
The day he gave me that shot when I was just 'bout to quit
So to not see him with me would be a shocking image
And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is
Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it
And knock me to the canvas, even the boxing critics
Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I'll always have a Rocky finish
Eat me brocoli, spinach, cocky? Nope
But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this
And put emphasis on the "dope," so when names come up
In that conversation of who's the dopest, better throw mine in it
And don't mind me, while I remind you of the flow
You won't find anywhere, where it fires and I unload my pen explodes
'til there's no rhymes in it, reload in no time
Let insults fly every sixty seconds that go by, so you know I meant it
In school I was so shy, timid
Two pairs of jean's I'd alternate, bummy clothes, I 'member
Begging my mom for K-Mart MacGregors cause they were new
St. Vincent de Paul, those Pony's were used, and no size fitted
But kissed them old days, adios, I did it
They said I was a gimmick, now I'm the one that those guys mimic
Now you fuckers don't wanna go starting no argument
Cause you know I'll win it, name a flow that's more authentic, and don't front

[Buckshot:]
Don't front, you know I got you open, kid

Rest in peace to Big Proof, you was a beast, you lyrically mirrored me
Molded my flow off of you, your spirit's flowing through me
I love you, Doody, without you I feel so incomplete
I'm no king, no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet
I'm a thorn in your side, get thrown into a throne
Better watch the fucking tone that you speak, feel like I'm in a zone
I'm in a whole different league on my mothafuckin' own, it's just me
No opponents can compete, and I've never been known to retreat
From beef, be beat, follow trends or wallow in defeat
I'm still hungry as fuck, but can't even say bon appetit
Cause I don't know what to eat, fucking microphone or the beat
Bitch, nobody's mind works like mine
It's nose to the grindstone time, holmes, your mind's blown
Cause I rhyme like I'm still trying to get signed, up in the Ebony Show-
-case with Denaun screaming "Who the fuck passed you the mic?"
Never asked you like my shit from the get
I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass, bitch
You had you a nice run, now take a hike
I ever meet my match, I'mma strike that bitch first
Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers
The real rappers get the mothafuckin' skills cracking
Word to Buckshot and Dru-Ha, why the fuck not?
You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot
Before I signed with the Doc, I almost signed with Duck Down
Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers, so mothafuck Loud
They jerked me around so what's up now?
Wow, how much of an asshole would I sound like
Rubbing it in and holding some grudge now, but don't front

[Buckshot:]
Don't front, you know I got you open, kid

Late at night, used to catch a buzz, couldn't write
Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe
But wear diapers cause you might leave a streak
I'm on a streak windshield wipers couldn't wipe
It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump into tonight
Cause I'm hyper or something, needing someone or something is lighting
This fire under me, it's breathing new life, it's like I already died once
I guess some people only live twice, and it's funny
My days of being broke was so long ago, I lost my concept of money
But you dimes won't get a fucking nickle from me
Oh shit, I'm down on one knee
I'm having a stroke of genius, Elizabeth I'm coming to you, honey
From boy to man, it's still make a whore moan like a thyroid gland
I'm in another category, man, don't put me up with them pop stars
I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy, band
No offense? Yes offense, precedents has been set that'll never get met
Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose
Shouts to Obie, the curtains closed on my show
(But never forget that I'm the one you thought wouldn't make it)
You can't take it, oh
Got a whole generation of rappers coming up that are nutty with the flow
But convince me you've heard
An MC since me who's this good with the fucking mincing of words
Without mincing words that'll make you feel like I'm pinching a nerve
Whose mentally disturbed, you might as well stick a knife in me and turn
It'll be like my skin being Indian burned
Hah, bitch there isn't one, when will you learn?
Never been served if memory serves
I'd battle that 'til my own recollection remembers these words

[Buckshot:]
You know I got you open kid, stop fronting
You know I got you open, Word Life[Eminem (Don Toliver):]
(Oh, oh, yeah) Yeah
You know, if I had a chance to do it all over again (Oh, oh)
I wouldn't change shit (Oh, oh)
DA got that dope
(I'm screamin' out no regrets)

[Don Toliver:]
You been through the hardest spot, ego the largest, I made you a star (I'm screamin' out no regrets)
I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low the 'Vette look like a storm (Screamin' out no regrets)
Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets)
I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost, just like I'm—

[Eminem {Don Toliver}:]
Yeah, they miss the old me
I think they want me to OD on codeine
They want my life in turmoil like in '03
They want front row seats, I give 'em nosebleeds
They want me imploding, exploding, self-loathing, eroding
I'm screaming at 'em with no regrets and I'm hulking
I'm rippin' out of my clothing
I had to go see the doc like Kool Moe Dee (Yeah)
Never took much to convince Dre
Never been swayed by color or skin shades
Since day one, Hellraiser with twin blades of a sensei
Givin' up, no comprende (Woo)
Tin brain, prolly fucked in the membrane
Slim Sha— mind's in the gutter, but insane
Pen game like I just struck in the tenth frame {Screamin' out no regrets}
Yeah, I live on the edge, I sit on the ledge
To shit on your heads, I been on the bench
Forgive and forget is the only thing I'd ever live to regret
Hell bent on revenge, you left me for dead
I crawled out my grave, you better be ready and set
My enemies ain't put an end to me yet {I'm screamin' out no regrets}

[Don Toliver {Eminem}:]
You been through the hardest spot, ego the largest, I made you a star (I'm screamin' out no regrets)
I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low the 'Vette look like a storm
{Screamin' out no regrets, yeah, no apologies, I ain't takin' shit back}
Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets)
I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost {Yeah}

[Eminem:]
All the hate, can't tell exactly where it stems from
But it's happening again, huh?
Y'all used to be in my corner
Now you just backed me in one
Innocent bystanders, I'm bound to hit some
For some adversaries, I carry big guns
So some targets'll get the kill shot
Some, I just barely nicked 'em
I can make a mistake and erupt and end up takin' a dump
Or sayin' some dumb shit, thinkin' I run shit
Misplacin' my anger enough to give Earl and Tyler, The Creator the brunt yeah
Shoulda never made a response, shoulda just aimed for the fake ones
Them traitorous punks, 'cause snakes are just cunts
They can get fucked with eight hundred motherfuckin' vibrators at once yeah
And for any of those who may have come close to about dyin'
And can't listen to "Arose" without cryin'
For those who feel low like you're 'bout spiralin'
But this is only for those that I'm inspirin'
Weapon never unholstered without firin'
My will I'm imposin', foes are gonna feel like they're in the throes of a mountain lion
They talk about my daughters hopin' I fly off of the handle handle
'Cause my first thought is to trample and write a thousand bars
But sometimes it's like dropping' an anvil on a house of cards
Or Godzilla squashin' a crouton with combat boots on
Or droppin' a goddamn nuke bomb on top of an ant hill
(I'm screamin' out no regrets) Can't do it, nah

[Don Toliver {Eminem}:]
You been through the hardest spot, ego the largest, I made you a star
(I'm screamin' out no regrets, {took it all})
I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low the 'Vette look like a storm
{Screamin' out no regrets, yeah, no regrets though, no white flags either}
Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets, {yeah})
I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost, just like I'mI'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier

Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns
Never was a gangster, 'til I graduated to one
And got the rep of a villain
For weapon concealin'
Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin'

Willin' to stick out my neck
For respect
If it meant life or death
Never live to regret what I said
When you're me
People just want to see
If it's true, if it's you, what you say in your raps, what you do
So they feel
it's part of your obligation to fulfill
When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real
In confrontation
Ain't no conversation
If you feel you're in violation
Any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it
If you conceal it, reveal it
Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets
Pull it, squeeze it, 'til it's empty
Tempt me, push me, pussies
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

I love pissin' you off
It gets me off
Like my lawyers, when the fuckin' judge lets me off
All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off
I'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bets be off
I'm a lit fuse
Anything I do bitch, it's news
Pistol-whippin' motherfuckin' bouncer 6'2"
Who needs bullets
as soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets
An excellent method to get rid of the next bully
It's actually better 'cause instead of you murderin'
You can hurt 'em
And come back again and kick dirt at 'em
It's like pourin' salt in the wounds
Assault and get sued
You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room
Everybody halts and stops, and calls the cops
All you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops
Runnin' and duckin' out the Hot Rocks parking lot
You'll all get shot whether it's your fault or not, 'cause

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin' to 'em
Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em
I'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence
I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it
You motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it
Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it
Don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest
I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped in two-inch
So ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock
Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock
Listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen
Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again
Full of controversy
Until I retire my jersey
'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty
And Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me
And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity, I'm a

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left
Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left
Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left
Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, leftThe days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long, I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

If Proof could see me now I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now
You try it'll be them doors on Dre's Phantom, believe me clowns
That means "suicide" homie, you'll never throw me
Off of this course, blow me
Bitch, I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all
I'm not just talking awards, homie
And the balls in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world when you're the only
One with the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse
Remember that when they get to dogging you boy, homie
So ya'll can just get to blogging about bologna,
I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues
No stopping the force, Obi
I'm mopping the floors with 'em
I keep trying to pass it
But they keep on dropping the torch
And it won't be long 'til this sport is O-V-E-R
Just Blaze and me we are knocking on doors
And no, we ain't pumpkins on Halloween
But we'll show up on your porch,
So be careful what you say
There ain't no punks over here, so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N double O-P
Let me guide you through the smoke G
If only I wasn't travelling down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me

The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
And homie I'll never forget you, no

For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite
Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
Tap-dancing all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Guess that the best thing I could do right now, Doody, for you is to rap
So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die, yeah, I'mma do it to death
And instead of mourning your death I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new height
Step on the gas and accelerate, I'mma need 2 mics
'Cause the way that I'm feeling tonight, everything I can just do right
There's nothing that I can do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped
Just finish the rhyme and bust it, excuse the corny metaphor
But they'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered
So God just help me out while I fight through this grieving process
Trying to process this loss is making me nauseous
But this depression ain't taking me hostage
I've been patiently watching, this game pacing these hallways
You had faith in me always
Proof, you knew I'd come out of this slump rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'mma show 'em, blow 'em out the water, slaughter 'em, homes
I'mma own so many belts the only place they can hit me is below 'em
Homie, I know I'm never gonna be the same without you
I never would've came in this game I'm going insane without you
Matter of fact it was just the other night
Had another dream about you
You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you
You told me, "Nah, Doody, you're not laying on that table I knew."
I was gonna make it soon as you said, "Think of Hailie," I knew
There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So, homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you
I love you, Doody

The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
And homie I'll never forget you no[The Cranberries:]
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh

[Eminem:]
I'm packin' up my shit, as much shit in the car as I can fit
And I'm just drivin' as far as I can get
Away from these problems 'til all of my sorrows I forget
What's tomorrow like? 'Cause tonight I'm startin' life again
Get to the corner and stop, fuck am I goin'?
Besides psycho when I fantasize startin' my whole life over
Yeah right, oh and I might go and
Get hypnotized so I don't even recognize no one
I try to look alive because there's nothin' like holdin'
Your head up high when you're dead inside and I just hide, so in
Case you're wonderin' why are my inside's showin'
'Cause I done spilled all my guts and those are mine so I'm
Pickin' them up and stuffin' them back
Fuck it, I've done enough in this rap shit
Recovery brought me nothin' but back
To right where I was and perhaps
This coulda been my victory lap if I wasn't on the verge of Relapse

[The Cranberries:]
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh

[Eminem:]
It seems to be the reoccurring main theme
The shit I would daydream as a kid, I was eighteen
I went from an irate teenager to still raging
As an adult, amazing: back then I put anything
Into the rhyme, whether it was sad, mad, happy or angry
I spit it, the mainstream, I hit it
Yay me, I did it! Did what?
Hailie, baby, I didn't mean to make you eighty
Percent of what I rapped about
Maybe I shoulda did a better job at separating
Shady and entertaining from real life
But this fame thing is still the hardest thing to explain
It's the craziest shit I
Ever seen, and back then it was like I ain't even
Bothered taking into consideration
You one day being older and may hear me say things
I did it, pay me, and be, it just ain't me
Okay, so ladies and gentlemen let's strip away everything
And see the main reason that I feel like a lame piece of shit
Or should I sound cranky and bitter
Complain, beef and bicker 'bout the same things
'Cause when I look at me, I don't see what they see
I feel ashamed, greedy and lately I've been contemplating
Escaping to get away and go wherever this road takes me
It's making me crazy what's in my?

[The Cranberries:]
In your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ieGood evening! This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet 
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please, undo your seatbelt for takeoff
You are now free to smoke about the cabin 

I'm Dre from back in the day from NWA from black and the gray from 
Choking a bitch to smacking her face from
Stacking up bodies to 
Racking their kegs up from Racking a bitch to
Stacking them crates up 
I'm still hungry 
And I'm back with a tapeworm 
And we was happening and rapping and tame at me 
Shady for us competition  Faggot, There ain't none 
Speak of the devil  It's attack of the rain man 
Chainsaw in hand, blood stain on my apron 
Soon as the blade spun run, they run away from
 Who wanna play dungeon? 
No one is safe from  In search of a brain surgeon 
A great one 
Wait, the day ain't funny man  It's urgent 
I need one 
Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun 
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1 

So one more time for old time's sake 
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way And let's go 
You are now smoking with the best (the best) 

Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless
A nice environment 
Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants 
Taking lives of firemen Say goodbye, here I am again Naked wives and vicadin 
Before I begin to get so high; pussy boy, I could spin Fin, fin 
Fuck the handle I fly off the hinge Let that boy off the bench, coach and throw it to him 
There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again 
Baby, make us some French toast and show us some skin 
I show you every inch grows of my foreskin 
Show me nipple I pinch, throw up, and throw up a ten 
Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again 
The sorcerer of intercourse - if it's forced, it's him 
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within 
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain 

So one more time for old time's sake
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Now where there's smoke, there's fire Where there's fire, there's flames 
Where there's flames, there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't 
I got no time for no games Nah uh, he ain't playin'
He's gonna get the AK and aim it right at your brain I'm slightly insane Vodka and kreatine Hypnotic and red bull 
It's an incredible energy drink And it's given me wings I believe I can fly 
While I pee on a girl You won't catch me, CSI It's as easy as pie 
And as simple as cake Dre, get on the mic and make them dribble and shake 

Now put your smoke up in the air And raise your henny and coke 
And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Lets get into it You smoking with the triest and truest 
I got the Midas touch When it comes to rolling shit up
You motherfuckas ain't smoking 
You just holding shit up Now here we go
Let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt 
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
Cuz if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing is how I blew up off of puffing them trees Well puffing ain't enough for me 
Fuck yeah, light it up Cheech, come on Smoke me out, cuz
Give me contact buzz 
Get me on track They love me when I'm on that stuff
But this earth calling Shady, man come on back (what?)
Man we're losing him; he won't even respond back (fuck!) 
Now look at all the pretty women in here (Damn bitches)
Dre, it's hot 
I think we better go check on their temperatures I give them the thermometer 
You get the bandages Now baby just bend over
This won't hurt a damn bit, 

And give me one more time for old time's sake Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best) 
I said one more time for old time's sake Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
You are now smoking with the best (the best)[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
I don't know why this world keep turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now

Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience

[Eminem]
I hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
Cause we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool,taking a shit in a warm pool
They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!)
It all started when my mother took my bike away
Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers, and jacking off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessing
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead,
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed
May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?)
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transforming (RARRRR!)
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair
Drag her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop

[Chorus]

As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day

[Eminem]
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders, and we suing the courts
Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Hypochondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standing by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch
I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya"
I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I ain't got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money
And don't try nothing funny
Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me
I went to grab my gun
That's when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors
Started causing a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washing machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smocking crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her
But so I gotta catch her first
Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in
And shot her fucking porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
That's when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in, its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watching gay porn
She said "Come her big boy, lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothing could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fucking leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ah!! Ah!)
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfucking dick!
Bitch, come here!

[Chorus to fade]

And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
That we must go through
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Every single day the world keeps turning[Bizarre]
Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha

No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...

[Swift]
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!

It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!

[Bizarre]
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece

No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313

[Eminem]
Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters

Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me

[Fuzz]
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)

Ain't nobody iller than me

[Bizzare]
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313

You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem:]
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now, it's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High off her love, drunk from her hate
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it
"Wait! Where you going?"
"I'm leaving you!"
"No you ain't. Come back"
We're running right back
Here we go again
It's so insane 'cause when it's going good, it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snap
"Who's that dude?"
"I don't even know his name"
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem:]
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with 'em
You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Yeah, them chills used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em
You swore you'd never hit 'em; never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you spit them
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down, pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in them
It's the rage that took over
It controls you both
So they say it's best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know you 'cause today that was yesterday
Yesterday is over, it's a different day
Sound like broken records playing over but you promised her
Next time you'd show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem:]
Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routines
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me
When it comes to love you're just as blinded
Baby, please come back
It wasn't you, baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There won't be no next time!
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
I'mma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire
I'm just gonna

[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight

[Verse 1:]
I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carried on my back 
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 2:]
Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 3:]
Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece 
of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting, with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alrightHello
Allow me to introduce myself
My name is Shady
It's so nice to meet you
It's been a long time
I'm sorry I've been away so long
My name is Shady
I never meant to leave you

You see that chick in the gym checking me out?
Any second I'm 'bout
To stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wrecking the house
That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now?

There's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope, guess I'll re-route
Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch
Oh! Jackpot! Yeah, 'Open Sesame' mouth

Down the hatch and the feeling you can't match it
I rap-tap-tap on your door with a damn ratchet
Attack-tack-tacking a whore with a damn hatchet
A knapsack packed with like 40-some Xanaxes

Shorty come back, I'm tryna score me some lapdances
I'm bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniel's
Formula 40-40 and 40s with bad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch I'm back at you

Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"
And are you menstruating baby, my little friend's waiting to say "hello"
The way your titties are wiggling and your booty's shaking like Jello
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"

My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium
I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em
It just becomes everyday extra-curriculum
No reason in particular, it was strictly fun

A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151
51 people asleep in my damn living room
Excuse me hun? But what is your name? Vivian?
I woke up next to you naked and uh, did we umm?

Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy hun?
I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one
No offense baby girl I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from

I find the package and I'm cool,
I immediately run
Like Speedy Gonzalez to see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of threes,
I'm fiending for some
My head is pounding to the beat of the drum

Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"

Oh, those were the days, they certainly were
It's hurting me to know that I'll be closing that curtain for good
Word-word, chi-word-word, chi-word-chi-chi-word
I second that and I third,
Rush to emergency surgery
To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased

He's no longer getting them free
Hundred bucks for these Percodans
Plus it's getting to be where he lustfully search the den
Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurting him

Tirelessly on the phone tryna rustle up muscle relaxers
For his back and a couple of Paxils
Now he's doubling backwards and he's stumbling back
Slipped and fell, hit his back, boom, heard something go crack

Now he's up in the bathroom like he's busting a nap
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact
I'm just busting my own chops while I'm busting a rap
Resuscitated and rejuved so fuck it, I'm back

Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow,
Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"

And so I'm saying,

Hello allow me to introduce myself
My name is Shady
So nice to meet you
It's been a long time
I'm sorry I've been away so long
My name is Shady
I never meant to leave you

It's like starting over
Clean slateI'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

Yeah, it's been a ride
I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one
Now some of you, might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
I'll get you there

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'mma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'mma do something I do it
I don't give a damn what you think
I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if it thinks it's stopping me
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album
He's still shitting, whether he's on salary paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that fuck your feelings
Instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact let's be honest
That last "Relapse" CD was "ehh"
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, blow
'Cause I ain't playing around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'mma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'mma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now! (now)

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand-new me you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you
I've been through the wringer, but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I wanna promise
To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up
'Cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars
I feel amazing and I'm...

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)Ohh, it's music to my ears
Oh man, how can I describe the way I feel?
Fuckin' great, man
Okay, let me see, how could I begin?

Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch
Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Cap'n Crunch
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch
And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch

Mariah, whatever happened to us?
Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch
You see I never really asked for much
I can't imagine what's goin' through you mind
After such a nasty break up

With that Latin hunk Luis Miguel
Nick Cannon better back the fuck up
I'm not playin', I want her back you punk
This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk

Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk
Zap and Eric Clapton shaft brings Abba crunk
And yeah baby, I want another crack at ya
You can beat me with any spatula that you want

I mean I really want ya bad, you cunt
Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture

[Chorus:]
Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease for Pete's sakes, he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's goin' through my mind half the time
When my rhyme are blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the 'Vacancy' sign on 'cause I'm gone blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like a mad man holdin' a glad

You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
I'm the miracle whip, a trickster
My signature sound when the tube of lipsticks surround
I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow, man

What an ensemble, what an assortment of pharmaceuticals
This beautiful pill dust in my palm
Cuticles get residue just from touching the bottle
Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama

I cut you like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya
The size of a sword, boy, I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowin' ya Norman
You're so fuckin' annoyin', drop the shovel, boy

You don't know what the fuck you're doin'
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore
Every minute there's a sucka born
Snuck up on Malakai and made the motherfuckers suck
On a shucka corn

Shucka, shucka corn, shucka corn
Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fuckin' on
Now what the fuck are ya doin'? You're runnin' over the snow blower
With the lawnmower blowing your bagpipes from Baghdad

[Chorus]

In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
Nothin' will stop me from molestin' you
Titty fuckin' you 'till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles

Is what they said, to the two conjoined twins
"How's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend?"
You need some ointment, just set up an appointment
Who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip

I just got my one year sobriety coin chip
When the bad get goin', how bad does the goin' get?
Baby, you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin' groins with
Each other, especially when you're joined at the hip

I'm goin' to get the needle and thread from the sowin' kit
And attempt to separate 'em, and stitch them back at the loins, shit
Knew the little boy with the chocolate chips, ahoy chip
Cookie looky, even took me a Polaroid

[Chorus]I never knew I..
I never knew I..
Mic check one-two
I never knew I..
Who woulda knew?
I never knew I..
Who'da known?
I never knew I..
Fuck would've thought
I never knew I..
Motherfucker comes out
I never knew I..
and sells a couple of million records
I never knew I..
And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
I never knew I..

[Eminem]
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*}
I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!)
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now?
Oh - you want me to watch my mouth, how?
Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around?
Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out
(Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked?
[*ewwww*] Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement
(The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents

[Chorus: Eminem]

Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch

[Eminem]
So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London
And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
I sees three little kids, up in the front row,
screamin "Go," with their 17-year-old Uncle
I'm like, "Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?"
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
(Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse
("Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!")
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!)
So read up, about how I used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months
My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?)
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike
So how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I never knew I.. knew I'd..
have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shooby-de-doo-wop (what?)
Skibbedy-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!)
How many retards'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach-er, her, him, is it you is it them?
"Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!"
Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it - I ain't know if you'd do it or not

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
How the fuck was I supposed to know?Yeah,
You know, technically, I'm not even really supposed to be here right now,
So fuck it, might as well make the most of it.

(Amen!)
Yeah, haha
(Amen!)
Feels good,
(Amen!)
Whooo,
(Amen!)
Guess I'm lucky,
(Amen!)
Some of us don't get a second chance.
(Amen!)
But I ain't blowing this one.
(Amen!)
Naw man, haha
(Amen!)
Shit I feel like I can do anything now.

Who can catch lightning in a bottle? Set fire to water?
Comin' out the nozzle on the fire hose, flier than swatters?

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em,
Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em.

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

There's a storm comin' that the weather man couldn't predict,
I start to bug prick, you better flee 'cause I get ticked
It's a rap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked.
I got up I'm back to punch you to the ground, you trick,
It's a trap, fuck my last CD the shit's in my trash,
I be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass,
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last.
You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes,
And keep winking and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirting with death
I'm destroying your livelihood. I ain't just hurtin' your rep',
I catch a flow and get goin',
No remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one,
Knowin' there is nothin' you can do about it
Zeroin' on the target like a marksman,
The target is you.
I shut your lane down,
Took your spot, parked in it too,
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, saliva what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up stand behind you like whoooo!

That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too:
Fry his ass, and put his ashes back together with glue,
See you can hate him, he don't blame you frankly he would too,
This game could ill-afford to lose him, how 'bout you?

Now guess who (hey),
Here's a clue (hey),
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe,
It's in your ass (hey),
He's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too,
Now what's his name?

Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man, (hey, hey)

If I had a time machine I'd be
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Music is my time machine, so call me
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,

Fuck catching lightnin'
He struck it
Screamed "Shut up!" at thunder,
And flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Rewound the future to the present, paused it don't ask how,
Fuck the past motherfucker he's the shit right now
He's

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Cinderella man
Send the fellow Shady dane came to wrap the game up in cellophane,
Raise up from hell he came,
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story,
Nor did he come to do the same,
Or can't afford to be a label in this day and age,
And at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly,
So say bye,
To the old H.I.
To the new, Que Será
Consider it his last hurrah
Coup de grâce
Raise 'em high in the sky,
Keep 'em up
Time to bring the place alive,
Thanks for being patient
I will make no more mistakes,
Shit my potato's baked,
Homie the veggies on my plate can fly,
My filet is smoking weed,
Yea faggot the steaks/stakes are high
Shit I ain't even suppose to be here
By the grace of God,
The skin on my teeth
And the hair on my nuts I skated by,
Now y'all are on thin ice
With ankle weights I hate to lie,
How fuckin' irritated are you?
How much in your face am I?
And ain't shit you can do but fear it
Proof is here in spirit and
And I'm the spittin' image
I'll mirror it
When I stand near it,
Your pussy lyric,
I cunt hear it,
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists?

Who?
Here's a clue.
He came to the ball in his wife beater,
Lost his Nike shoe,
It's in your ass, he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too.
Now, what's his name?

Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man, (hey, hey)

If I had a time machine
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
I'd be
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,

Music is my time machine so call me
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man.[Eminem:]
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I am coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over
You could just close the chapter
And go about your life, like it was nothing
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
Well, I've never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges, mind saying, "Let it go, fuck this."
Heart's saying, "I will once I bury this bitch alive.
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset."

[Sarah Jaffe:]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth
But it's easier to justify
What's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy

[Eminem:]
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshiped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew (sic), knit wit
Thought some time had past and I'd forget it, forget it!
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
May be gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think 'cause he's been out the picture so long
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor, all this pent-up resentment I hold on to
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
The 'cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh
And...

[Sarah Jaffe:]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth
But it's easier to justify
What's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy

[Eminem:]
I've been driving around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is fulla' saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But I ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
Or your friendship or sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential–I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung
Stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans, irony's spectacular, huh?
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
I hope you hear it we're in a car right now
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy
Well how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now 'cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh God, police! Ah!)
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot at least
New plan Stan
Slim, "chauvinist pig drove in this big, Lincoln town car!"
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, hope you can swim good!
Now say you hate homos again!

[Eminem:]
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds, toilet's clogged
Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lotta shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished
"I am your lack of a conscience"
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you every woman you insult, batter
But the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
'Cause Marshall Mathers the rapper's persona's half a façade and
Matthew and Stan just symbolic of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone
'Cause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad but it happens to all of them,
I'm the hindsight to say, "I told you so!"
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call you
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away
I'm every guilt trip the baggage you have
But as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Unless it makes an impact then don't bother
So before you rest your case
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
So one last time, I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started it all
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up where the last Mathers' left offI don't understand
Why are you being so mean?
You're a mean mean man

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright listen, I need you to focus
I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important
We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts
I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment
Now I need you to open your mind-your eyes close them
You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
For the next four and a half minutes
We are going to explore into your mind
To find out why you're so fuckin' jealous
Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo?
Pippity ga-ga poo-poo
Psych, I'm kidding
I just wanted to see if you're still listenin'
OK, now I need your undivided attention
Sir I have a question
Why do I always sense this undeniable tension
From the moment that I enter into the room
It gets all quiet and whispers
Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned?
I've been dying to ask, it's been itchin' at me
Is it just because

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright now I (shit) I just flubbed a line
I was going to say something extremely important
But I forgot who or what it was, I fucked up
Psych, I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't
That's just what you wanted to hear from me
Is that I fucked up ain't it?
But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper
It doesn't take a bunch of takes
Or me to stand here in this booth all day
For me to say the truth, OK?
You're drooling, you have tooth decay
Your mouth is open, you're disgusting
What the fuck you eat for lunch
A bunch of sweets or something, what?
You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch?
Your tooth is rotten to the gum
Your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum?
Yes I do sir, what am I on?
You sir are on truth serum
Marshall I'm so jealous of you
Please say you won't tell nobody
I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified
That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying
All these terrible, evil and awful mean things
It's my own insecurities!

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright now we, we're going to conduct
That experiment that we were talking about earlier
Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy
'Cause that's exactly what your eyes look like, want to check to see?
Here's a mirror, notice the resemblance here?
Wait, let me put these sun glasses on
Now look in this mirror, how about now?
What do you have in common?
You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em
You look like I sound like singing about weenies
Now take my weenie out of your mouth
This is between me and you, I know you're not happy
I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying
Curled up in a ball tweaked out of my mind dying
There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is
Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless
Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is torturous
My point is this
That if you say mean things, your weenie will shrink
Now I forgot what the chorus is, you're just a

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Fuck off my dick![Eminem:]
Yeah (I knew this day was coming)
Sometimes, you gotta come back down (It's all going to hell now, man)
Stoop to someone's level (Yeah)

Five dozen, flies buzzin' over your head
Call me the Grim Reaper, sleep is my cousin
You dead to me now and I'ma be the last face you see
'Fore you die cussin'
My eye a tiger's and I'm a survivor so I will rise up and (What?)
Be triumphant 'cause when I'm looking at my legacy (Leg, I see)
Bunch of dogs gonna tryna dry hump it
Like Triumph The Puppet, so I'm like, "Fuck it"
Pile the carnage up 'til its so high, it's touching the sky
Let 'em all line up and attack
Single filing up in the stack
Call 'em toy soldiers (Yeah)
'Cause they just wind up on their backs
Now the sky's nothing but black
But I am not coming back, I done told ya
I told the woke me to go to sleep
But still, they keep on provoking me
They're hoping to see me completely broken emotionally
But how in the fuck am I not supposed to be woke
When these fuckers just keep poking me? Now

[Skylar Grey:]
I'm leaving Heaven
I'm leaving Heaven
Angels won't find me
Where are you going?

[Eminem:]
I've been down, kicked
Like around six thousand times since I was a kid
As a child, picked on, clowned
Countless times I've been outed
Gotta remind myself of it every now and then (Yeah)
So the route I went's self-empowerment
In a hole, taught myself how to get out of it
And balance it with talents, wit
'Cause life is like a penny (Life is like a penny)
'Cause it's only one percent
Who overcome the shit
They've underwent
I went AWOL like what my back was up against
Don't tell me 'bout struggle, bitch, I lived it
I was five or six the first time I got my hind end kicked
Malcolm, Isaac, and Boogie jumped me and took my tricycle
And I don't know if I would call that white privilege, yeah
But I get it, how it feels to be judged by pigment
Besides getting it from both sides of the tracks
But I swore I'd get them back
Even if it meant selling my soul to get revenge and (What?)
Thought of a scheme and it got me to thinking
If I can believe in myself, I could prolly achieve it
That's part of the reason I do all my talking with ink
And as long as I'm breathing I vow to smother and beat them
Got a heart of a demon, go at 'em and I'ma get even
Like I'm in the Garden of Eden, I'm 'bout to go off of the deep end
This evil is calling, I'm already seething and

[Skylar Grey:]
I'm leaving Heaven
I'm leaving Heaven
Angels won't find me
Where are you going?

[Eminem:]
Okay, so while Macklemore was keeping his room nice and neat (Yeah)
I was getting my ass beat twice a week (What?)
Looking for a place for the night where I could sleep
Flippin' sofa cushions over just tryin' to see
If I could find some change and scrape up for a bite to eat
If Denaun and me find a couple dimes a piece
Twenty five cents each'd get us a bag of chips
We'd be glad to get that even we if we had to split
We'd do backward flips, looking back at it
I think that would fit with the definition of not having shit
Couple that with the fact my mother was batshit
Pop was a sack of shit, yeah, he died, but I gave half a shit
Yeah, which brings me back to the real dad that I zero had
Since a year-old, forty-seven year-old scab
Just to hear them words, ear piercing
Like my earlobe stabbed with a needle for an earring
Should I feel upset? You were dead to me 'fore you died
Me? Tear no shed
Should I have made a mural at your funeral?
Had your coffin draped with a hero's flag?
Where the fuck you were at
When De'Angelo done hurt me real bad at the Rio Grande?
Never met your grandkids, fucking coward
Only gut you had was from your stomach fat
I couldn't see your ass gonna Heaven
So I'm asking for a pass to go to Hell
So I can whip your fucking ass
I hate that I'll never get to say "I hate you" to your face
No coming back from where I'm going
Sky is dark, my soul is black, hand on the shovel
Dig with the blade up, and then I step on the metal
Vendetta to settle, tell the Devil

[Skylar Grey (Eminem):]
I'm leaving Heaven (Yeah)
I'm leaving Heaven (You know, I should dig your motherfucking ass up)
Angels won't find me (Just to spit in your fucking face)
Where are you going? (Holding my baby pictures up like you're proud of me)
I'm leaving heaven (Fuck you, bitch)
I'm leaving heaven (You know what? Maybe if I had had you)
Angels won't find me (I wouldn't have went through half the shit I went through, so I blame you)
Where are you going? (Or maybe I should say, "Thank you")
('Cause I wouldn't have been me)

So you better, you better run (Yeah)
You better, you better run (So I'ma let it go now, rest in peace)
You better, you better run (Cocksucker)
You better, you better run (See you in Hell)Yo, if you could just, for one minute
Or one split second in time, forget everything
Everything that bothers you, all your problems
Everything, and follow me

If I was frozen inside of a moment
If I could capture time inside a capsule
An hourglass full of sand in the palm of my hand, it passes through it
If I can grasp it, and just control what happens to it
Then I can trap it, so no more time elapses through it
If raps could do it, maybe I could tap into it
Then I could try to channel it through Cadillacs and Buicks
To transmit through 'em, to make you put your ass into it
And that's when you hit the roof because you can't sit through it
Your passions too much for you to not be dancing to it
And as you do it, your movements become fast and fluent
You're mashin' to it, moshing until you're black and bluish
You're acting foolish, this music it has influenced you to be rowdy but in an orderly fashion
True it's chaotic, but it's got your body moving as a unit
Uniting together tonight, so make it last and you better just

Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)

Cause when we descend together, we begin to move as one
In perfect unison just like the moon and sun
Illuminate the room and humans soon become aluminum
Rhythmically in sync, if you'll excuse the pun
But if you could lose it once, I mean if you could let shit go
Relax, take a breath, and just let it exit slow
To rest your soul, you could leave the rest to me
If I could give the world a hit of ecstasy
To make 'em feel the feeling that I'm feeling right this minute
Cause I feel like the night won't end til I get finished
So close the shades, makin' sure no light gets in it
The sky's the limit tonight because the night's infinite
A high percentage of black people and white mixed in it
But no one really gives a fuck cause they just like what's spinnin'
His life was spinnin', the whole entire night just spinnin'
Like life's beginning, so come out from inside your skin and quit hidin' in it

Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)[Intro - Eminem]

[Beatboxing] Yeah, we should do something like that...

[Chorus - 50 Cent]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, b-boom, Shady!

[Verse 1 - Eminem]

There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again its the, illest and realest killas
The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's
Not over 'till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners
Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next
He's already reconciled with his ex [reversed], a chainsaw and an axe
Jump a bitch's desk, strangle her neck
While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the vex, yeah bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect, I never left, baby I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zy automatically
He says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass

[Verse 2 - 50 Cent]

Nah, Em, tell 'em to kiss my black ass, to clean parts, to shitty parts,
My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the Fif'll tell you're ass apart!
A game in this game, crush a motherfuckers free start,
Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch,
Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick,
Teflon wrapped on, case I get clapped on,
D's searching the whip, glad I left the mac home,
Still grindin', still shinin', nigga lord knows,
You rocking wit the kid to spit sicker sick flows,
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it,
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it,
E'eryday Dre day, front and cause a maylay,
Turn the town upside down with a frown upside down,
I smile through summan' fowl, and watch my money pile,
I'm fuckin' with strict stacks, I'm kickin' you stripped fats,
I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back!

[Hook - 50 Cent (Eminem)]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Go 'head, funky funk up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, I hit yo' ass up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!)
Shady, Shady....[Eminem:]
You know, everybody's been tellin' me what they think about me for the last few months
[Justin Vernon:]
It's too loud
[Eminem:]
Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them
[Justin Vernon:]
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Three's not a crowd all up in it, slow fire

Don't fall on my face
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my

[Eminem:]
Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race
Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace
Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre
In that first marijuana tape—guess I got a chronic case (yeah)
And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your momma's face
I know this time Paul and Dre
They won't tell me what not to say (nope)
And though me and my party days
Have all pretty much parted ways
You'd swear to God I forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid"
One last time for Charlamagne
If my response is late, it's just how long it takes
To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away
These rappers are like Hunger Games
One minute, they're mockin' Jay
Next minute, they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake
Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away
But all the hate, I call it "Walk on Water" gate
I've had as much as I can tolerate
I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience
I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once
You wanted Shady? You got him!

[Justin Vernon (Eminem):]
Don't fall on my face (yeah)
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!)
Don't fall on my faith, oh (rrr!)
Don't fall on my fate (look)

[Eminem:]
Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it
Or have his body bag get zipped
The closest thing he's had to hits is smackin' bitches
And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks
Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted
Like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly
Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot
Lackin' with it, "he ain't spittin' like this on his last shit"
Ho, you better go back and listen
You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow or let up
Call it trap 'cause it's a total setup
Hopin' that you rappers fall in that
Dre said, "Hold your head up!"—Kathy Griffin
Stackin' ammunition, slap the clip in, cock it back on competition
This is how I shot ahead (pew)—Gabby Giffords
My attack is vicious, Jack the Ripper, back in business
Tyler create nothin', I see why you called yourself a (faggot), bitch
It's not just 'cause you lack attention
It's because you worship D12's balls, you're sack-religious
If you're gonna critique me
You better at least be as good or better
Get Earl the Hooded Sweater
Whatever his name is to help you put together
Some words, more than just two letters
The fans waited for this moment like that feature
When I stole the show (ha), sorry if I took forever (haha)

[Justin Vernon (Eminem):]
Don't fall on my face (yeah)
Don't fall on my faith, oh (I won't)
Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!)
Don't fall on my faith, oh (ha)
Don't fall on my fate (it's too easy)

[Eminem:]
Just remember, I was here before you
And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you
Detractors, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew
Just what the doctor ordered
Revenge is the best medicine
Increase the dose, from least to most
And then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves
They suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches
So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to MC the show
Every parasite needs a host (haha)
Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of
All I know is I wrote every single word of
Everything I ever murdered
Time to separate the sheep from goats (yeah)
And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts
When rap needed it most, I was that wing and a prayer
A beacon of hope, put a B-I-R-D in the air
Somewhere some kid is bumpin' this while he lip-syncs in the mirror
That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care
But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary in my pocket
How I'm buryin' these artists
On a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus'
Mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly'
And what's scary is you probably can compare me to your car 'cause I'm just barely gettin' started (woo)
And far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
Or I'll show you an Elvis clone
Walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone
Use your telephone and go fetch me the remote
Put my feet up and just make myself at home
I belong here, clown, don't tell me 'bout the culture
I inspired the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the
Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh
Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, piss and moan
But I'm not gonna fall... bitch!

[Justin Vernon:]
It's too loud
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Three's not a crowd all up in it
Slow fire'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up, but you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.

Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left

'Til I collapse I'm spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
'Cause when I am not then I'm 'a stop pinning 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem.

Subliminal thoughts when I'm 'a stop sending
Them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop.
Amoxicillin is just not real enough.

The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
You're coming with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us.

You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck.

[Nate Dogg]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

Music is like magic there's a certain feeling you get when you're real
And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
'Cause you may never get it again.

So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end.
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.

It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me.
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when I'm not put on this list the shit does not offend me.

That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect you've got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate, hit me.

[Nate Dogg]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart.
And it's absurd how people hang on every word.
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve

But I'll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse

My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers.
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.

So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. So...

[Nate Dogg]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth.
'Til the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'm 'a rip this shit 'til my bones collapse.

[Eminem and Nate Dogg:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
Give out from underneath me

[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one can beat me.The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

The way she moves she's like a belly-dancer
She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams
I think someone's at the door
But I don't think I'mma answer
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean "freeze"?
Please, I'm a human being, I have needs
I'm not done, not 'til I'm finished peeing
I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer
I'm already on my knees
I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me
And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee, pee, pee
Yes, I make R&B, I sing song it go
Ring-a-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching
Psych, I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed
If I offend I'm sorry, please, please forgive
For I am Triumph, the Puppet Dog, I am a mere puppet
I can get away with anything I say and you will love it

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

Jessica Simpson, looks oh so temptin'
Nick I ain't never seen an ass like that
Every time I see that show on MTV my pee-pee goes
Doing, doing, doing

Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome
Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bum-bums
I go to the movies and sit down with my pop-corn
Police saying "freeze"
Doing doing doing
What do you mean "freeze"?
Geez, I just got my seat
I have ticket, look, I put it away my zipper's zipped
Please do not remove me from this movie theater please
I did not even get to see Mary-Kate's shower scene
I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene
And don't treat me like I'm Pee-wee Herman, this movie's PG
Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney
I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free
Free, yes, free, right back on the streets
What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy?
I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man
And I can say that and you'll laugh 'cause there's a puppet on my hand

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so
I ain't never seen a butt like that
Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

The way she moves she dances like a go-go
In that video she sings, "Get out, you bozo.
I need a new boyfriend." Hi. My name is JoJo.
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean "freeze"?
My computers will be seized and my keys to my ranch
I just bake cookies, Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of this
Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this
Nobody is safe from me, no not even me
I don't even know if I can say the word "pee-pee", "pee"
On the radio, but I think I did
Janet, is that a breast? I think I just saw a tit
Psych, I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed
I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick
Get to the chopper, everybody get out
I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

So Gwen Stefani, will you pee-pee on me please?
I ain't never seen an ass like that
'Cause the way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

What the fuck is wrong with you?We touch I feel a rush
We clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous
You must be a sorceress 'cause you just
Did the impossible
Gained my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt I'mma show you what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before you
And love is "evol"
Spell it backwards I'll show you

Nobody knows me I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's
Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over
I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold you, I wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breath away
You're a supernova... and I'm a

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you

I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't
With you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same?
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase
'Fore a door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake
Cause I'm a...

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you

So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts
Never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you
Let down my guard swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap
Lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleading
I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it
I'm trying to stop you from breathing
I put both hands on your throat
I sit on top of you squeezing
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick
Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house
And let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Then I let you go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple
I told you this

And I would have did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now
It's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star 'cause I'm a...

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you
Without you[Jay-Z:]
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels (bling bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothing, I made something doing
What I do, through and through
And I give you the news with a twist
It's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block
Where they pop toasters, and they live with their moms
Got dropped roadsters, from botched robberies niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up 'cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No, he's not around now how that sound to ya, jot it down
I'll bring you through the ghetto without riding round
Hiding down ducking strays from frustrated youths stuck in their ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it?
I help them see they way through it, not you.
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt.

[Eminem:]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
'Cause see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then ya'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics?
Using his music to steer it sharing his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference, they're saying, "You shouldn't hear it."
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfucking drug addict like you didn't experiment?
Nah hah, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fucking do-gooders – too bad you couldn't do-good at marriage!
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
Think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
'Cause here we go, he's Jigga durra Jigga da chk Jigga
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass is just the

[Eminem]
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade!

[Jay-Z]
Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade. Never been afraid to holler
About anything (anything) anything (anything)

[Jay-Z:]
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent lives lost on the project bench
What you hollering? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feeling braver
Doo-rag wrapping my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me I'm awkward, I box lefty an orphan
My pops left me and often my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't grown, especially on nights
I brought something home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up
Raising my fingers to critics, raising my head to the sky
Big I did it multi before I die (nigga)
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight.

[Eminem:]
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter-Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
As a monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistling Dixie
While I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfucking spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (huh) I'm just a kid from the gutter
Making his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a motherfucking

[Eminem]
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade!

[Jay-Z]
Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade. Never been afraid to holler
About anything (anything) anything (anything)

[Eminem]
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade!

[Jay-Z]
Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade. Never been afraid to holler
About anything (anything) anything (anything)[Intro: Frogg]
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G [coughing in background]
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

[Verse One: Eminem]
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus:]
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming "Fuck the World" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Eminem]
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion
Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Eminem]
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem]
Shit, fuck everything...
Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee.
Fuck the entire world...[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

[Eminem:]
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh, well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public. Excuse me
For wanting my cake and eat it too, and wanting it both ways
Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated
When I blew; see, but it was confusing
'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!)
Hit the lottery, oh wee
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winning a used mink
Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think
'Cause I'm

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

[Eminem:]
Now, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
To seize the moment and don't squander it
'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
(Yeah, pondering'll do you wonders.
No wonder you're losing your mind the way it wanders.)
Yoda-loda-le-hee-hoo
I think it went wandering off down yonder
And stumbled on 'ta Jeff VanVonderen
'Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
'Cause the very thing that I love's killing me and I can't conquer it
My OCD's conking me in the head
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

[Eminem:]
Call me crazy but I have this vision
One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
MCs, blood get spilled and I'll
Take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
To the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fucking children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it and then relates that's great
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that
Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straightjacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothingI could be with anybody, I choose you
Still, it's no excuse to abuse you
But no one knows what I'm goin' through, so I'd use you
To be truthful, I wouldn't know what to do if I lose you
So I refuse to, might have a screw loose and a fuse blew
But I think I might be buildin' up a tolerance to you
'Cause one minute I'm hollerin', "Screw you"
Next I take it back, guess you can say I'm tryna unscrew you
But the shit's about to pop off, yeah, I feel you up
Then I got you totally open as soon as I take your top off
You're so hard to resist, you knock my socks off
My friends say you're bad for me, hogwash

I'll never love again
The way I loved you
Did you find someone new?
Are you doin' this with them?
'Cause I remember when
Still remember when you was mine, yeah
We were inseparable at one time, yeah
You know my love for you was undying, yeah
Used to always have my back

Some days it feels like you're all that I have
That's why I'm tryna hold onto you for as long as I can
And you just want me for my money so I got you wrapped all in saran
Damn, talk about eatin' out the palm of my hand
But if not for my financials
I wouldn't have you anyways, there have been ample
Plenty days, where I'm just in a daze and I can't pull
Myself up out this rut and you're so much of a handful
I can only take so much of you all at one time
Because too much of you's just too much to swallow sometimes
Gotta take you in doses, but when you're not at my side
I shake in convulsions, separation anxiety 'cause we may be the closest
Yeah, baby we hopeless, don't we make an atrocious
Combination? We know, it's like playin' with explosives
Quite dangerous though, but my brain's in hypnosis
Such a wide range of emotions
Migraines, but why the fuck am I takin' these MOTRINs?
Ibuprofens, like a drop of rain in the ocean
And you're my fix on the days when I'm broken
But the shit's about to go sideways, I just know it

I'll never love again
The way I loved you
Did you find someone new?
Are you doin' this with them?
'Cause I remember when
Still remember when you was mine, yeah
We were inseparable at one time, yeah
You know my love for you was undying, yeah
Used to always have my back

So I spiral downwardly 'cause I'm too cowardly to leave you
Head is clouded in a fallacy, but in reality
Somehow it seems like when I lay me down to sleep I'm counting sheep
You're bound to creep
'Cause every time I turn around, you keep runnin' out on me
You're my Xanax and my valium, I'm an addict, you're a downer
You're my habit, it's like I found you in the cabinet
But it's like I can't uncap it 'cause it's childproof
A scoundrel and fiend's how I feel around you
Awful, every time I lost you, felt like I had you in my pocket
Now I'm flippin' over the furniture, punchin' holes in the walls through
Everything that we've gone through
How many times you've fucked me
But the way it felt for me to be on top when I was on you
Swore my fealty, but word to G.O.D
I thought you loved me, bitch, you tried to kill me, I'm getting off you
Quit callin' for me, hard proof's how I respond to
The Ambien and Tylenols too
Fuck all you

Fuckin' bitch
We're done[Women Singing:]
Ain't no one special, special like you [4X]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing
Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing
It's even tougher when sleeping
But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving
For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening
You got my knees buckling and weakening
Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in
And interrupt when I'm speaking
I got some game that I'm preparing to run
The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun
You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun
Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun
I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a 
touch 
I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good
The seed is passing in dust
I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately
I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby)
Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be
Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed
This is easily said, so you can lead or be led
If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [4X]

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo
Let's set a day up so you can fall on through
We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne
And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on
We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things
I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane
If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day
It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray
Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear
You look impeccable, nothing compares
I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so
It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is
When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby [8X]
Ain't no one special, special like you [2X][Eminem:]
And I don't think that I can stop it (Here it comes)
I do my best to try to block it (Redrum)
I've been sipping on like, vodka (Head's numb)
I'm blacking out, you better watch it (It's bedlam)

I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

[Royce da 5'9":]
I'm a long way away from where you are in skill
Foreign wheels, my bitch wearin' four-inch heels
She on the orange pill
And she about to start taking off layers like orange peels
Sacha Baron Cohen, Ferrell, where am I going with this?
Oh yeah, I bar at will
And when you throw the iron in it, I'm all that still
The truth for real, I'm real true, call that trill
This is my house, this place is mine
Posted on any corner on any coast I'm on
You niggas need to leave that lean, Henny, and coke alone
Terror to the business, married to the strippers, T-Pain
Student of the game pre-Kane, you niggas Post Malone
Elite beat boxer minus the raps
Rollin' with at least three choppers, Ryan is that
I literally keep three shottas
I'm lyrically James Todd, Tariq Trotter minus the cap

[Eminem:]
I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

[KXNG Crooked:]
Manslaughter goons under the moonlight
John Wilkes, that's who I'm in the booth like
Abra—I go ham for dead presidents
And everything I record is over your head like a boom mic
Why would you irrelevant fucks want to rebel against us
Knowing your Smith & Wesson has never been clutched?
Knowing you never been rushed by the most ignorant niggas invented
Them niggas gotta send you to the dentist to get a whole row of elephant tusks
Your teeth gone like you been on some meth and some dust forever
I see you, my niggas call me the enemy watcher
The minute we spot ya, the semi'll pop, nigga, we got ya
I'm livin' to conquer, remember the mantra, I'm grippin' the launcher
Like Em and the Doctor with no guilty conscience
I'm still shockin' like droppin' a boombox in bathwater
More shockin' than a pissed off Blanka

[Joell Ortiz:]
I just finished fuckin' a fish called Wanda
I'm finna wander off into yonder
Beyond just mentally stronger, memory monster
I remember the sponsorin' thought that conquered his triple entendre
You the cross of a unicorn and The Unabomber
Quit horsin' around in this building or you a goner
Your Willy Wonka persona won't help you any longer
I'm Optimus, I make prime examples of mini-Tonkas
Hogtie your squad and go bonkers
Spin, grab Denaun's guitar and Honky Tonk ya
All your bars subpar like good golfers
I put a hole in one of you birdies with this Eagle and launch it (Pew)

[Eminem:]
I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

Now this will probably be the most illest shit that I've ever said
God bless the dead and let Biggie possess the pencil lead
They called me a sped and said that I had a messed up head
'Cause I said motherfuck school and instead went to special ed
Sippin' Bacardi and lime I start to recollect on the time
That I startled my mom and had her scared to death
Word to Method Man
She heard some Wu-Tang coming from towards the patio
She was like, "What the heck was that?"
She went to check on the noise and go inspect the deck
Then I jumped out with a sword and yelled, "Protect your neck"
Now bow to the Lord, hold up, no, better yet, kneel
Better yet, get down on all fours and take a vow to always
Rejoice in the sound of my voice, bitch, you don't have a choice
Just a third of my will will overpower yours
Using about a fourth to create the amount of force
It'll take to knock out a horse like a tranq full of Tylenol
Enter my house of horrors with a thousand floors
Got a crown of thorns, but it won't fit around the horns
But I'ma keep it a buck like a dollar store
I'm more than you bargained for and I am far more worse
Than a forty-some bar Lord Jamar verse
Nothing means more than respect, so when I curse
You could say I swore to protect
My image I have zero time or regard for
A never-was, been claiming rap when it's not yours
If it was anyone's house G Rap and Rakim would be havin' you mop floors
Run-DMC would be havin' you cleanin' sinks
Yeah, your group was off the chain, but you were the weakest link
Rest of these youngins of mine
Time to start throwing some shade, this time I'm shutting the blinds
'Cause when I'm looking at y'all, shit, it's no wonder it's why
I need a visor, 'cause y'all are just suns in my eyes
Born a cynic and more demented than an orphanage with a morgue up in it
Next door to an abortion clinic
Newborn infants tortured and tormented
With their foreheads dented when they drop 'cause the floor's cemented
Their corpses get ornamented
The coroner with a storage bin rented
To store them in and the torsos of forty women reported missin'
Distorted, twisted, this isn't no storybook ending
This is only the beginning
So Lord forgive me, I'm hearing voices
I can't ignore them anymore, they're winning

I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

And I don't think that I can stop it (Here it comes)
I do my best to try to block it (Redrum)
I've been sipping on like, vodka (Head's numb)
I'm blacking out, you better watch it (It's bedlam)[Just Blaze - Chorus:]
Some people ask me, where I’ve been lately
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me
I play in the background, I don’t back down
So don’t get it twisted, tryna play me
First I come out, they underate me
Then I come back, still try to fade me
They say I’m nasty, say I’m crazy
Ask what I think, I say maybe
I fly away
It ain’t nothin’ in my way so I may aswell fly away
It ain’t nothin’ else to say so I may aswell fly away
I know you wanna see me down but we aint gon die today
Cos I’ve been to the top and there’s nowhere else to go
The only way to see me is if you lookin’ up from down below
And there’s nothin’ else to say so I may aswell fly away
And there’s nothin’ in my way so I may aswell fly away
I’m on top of this thing so i may aswell fly away

[Eminem - Verse 1:]
Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up
I’ma step up on the stage now, I’m gonna strut
And walk around with my pants hanging over my butt
And you aint gotta tell me notin’ boy, get off of my nuts
It goes one for the money, two for the show
My shit don’t stink, I dont think so
Wipe my ass with a tissue and roll it back up in a roll
Are you ready now, here we go
The bald eagle has landed
I’m back in ya hair, sorry for leavin’ you stranded
Im twice as dread and evil and rancid
They cant sit, I don’t think anybody understands it
Especially when the Worlds silly putty in ya hands, its playdough
I aint got to play though, they say I died in a fatal
Car crash, shows what they know
Shit if I did, it’d be a trailer not a car
The white trash star
I fuckin RV up like Brett Favre
Homie you got it backwards, your dippin your soup inside ya crackers
I can carry rap til my back hurts
Set it down go right back to the Chiropractors
Get my back right
Now I’m right back on you bastards
I was chasin’ the dragon, I dont know what happened
It was like the feelin’ I had when I first started rappin’
I just could’nt seem to get back and recapture that magic
So I went back to the lab, thats where I’ve been at when...

[Just Blaze - Chorus:]
Some people ask me, where I’ve been lately
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me
I play in the background, I don’t back down
So don’t get it twisted, tryna play me
First I come out, they underate me
Then I come back, still try to fade me
They say I’m nasty, say I’m crazy
Ask what I think, I say maybe
I fly away
It ain’t nothin’ in my way so I may aswell fly away
It ain’t nothin’ else to say so I may aswell fly away

[Eminem - Verse 2:]
I took a hiatus haters now I’m back to cause trouble
Got the fucking shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles
Im the *bang* you aint fuckin sick
The hospital won’t even give you cough drops for course cocksucker
You think your hot, you aint even luke warm
My pubes hotter than you
Your soft I use fire to cool me off
I told em I’ll grow up one day and show ‘em I’d be able to choke clouds
Pick up lightenin’ bolts and throw ‘em
Take the world by storm with these words I form
Georgie porgie kissed the girls, make the girls cry for em
Make ‘em swarm, make ‘em fight over the shirts I’ve worn
Sworn over my sweat towels, its mind blowin
Yes Im livin’ the dream homie, cant nothin’ compare
I’m so up, I’m stuck in mid air I’m lovin’ it yeah
Its like these people are steps now, all they do is stare
These haters is so pussy they’re afraid to be scared
This is pay back, like I owe ‘em back pay
They spat in my face, now I’m back to do them the same exact way
And leave this rap game with a bad taste,
And slap it back out, before I step back out of this crap thanks
Slap me now I’m slapping ‘em back hey! fuck it we’ll slap back
But yeh okay now we’ll talk cause I’m smack ay
And I aint looking back infact they can stare at my ass crack
How’s that for hindsight, what the track say?

[Just Blaze - Chorus][Beyoncé (Eminem):]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes (fuck)

[Eminem:]
Why are expectations so high?
Is it the bar I set?
My arms, I stretch, but I can't reach
A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as
Soon as I grab, squeeze
I lose my grip like the flyin' trapeze
Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackenin'
I know the mark's high, butterflies rip apart my stomach
Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with
You're gonna harp, gripe, and
That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these
As pressure increases like khakis
I feel the ice cracking, because

[Beyoncé (Eminem):]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
(It's the curse of the, it's the curse of the)
I walk on water (shit)
But only when it freezes

[Eminem:]
It's the curse of the standard, that the first of the Mathers disc set
Always in search of the verse that I haven't spit yet
Will this step just be another misstep
To tarnish, whatever the legacy, love or respect
I've garnered?
The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless
And it always feels like I'm hittin' the mark
'Til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart
Like, "This shit is garbage!"
God's given me all this, still I feel no different regardless
Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded
If only they knew, it's a facade and it's exhaustive
And I try not to listen to nonsense
But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence
Mission accomplished
I'm not God-sent
Nas, Rakim, Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith, and I'm not Prince, so

[Beyoncé:]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
(It's true, I'm a Rubik's, it's true)
But only when it freezes
(It's true)

'Cause I'm only human, just like you
Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh

[Eminem:]
It's true, I'm a Rubik's, a beautiful mess
At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest
A flawed human, I guess
But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your expectations and meet 'em, but first
The "Speedom" verse, now Big Sean
He's going too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom?
There was a time I had the world by the balls, eating out my palm
Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on
And now I'm gettin' clowned and frowned on
But the only one who's looking down on
Me that matters now's DeShaun
Am I lucky to be around this long?
Begs the question though
Especially after the methadone
As yesterday fades and the Dresden home
Is burnt to the ground, and all that's left of my house is lawn
The crowds are gone
And it's time to wash out the blonde
Sales decline, the curtains drawn
They're closing the set, I'm still poking my head from out behind
And everyone who has doubt, remind
Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times
Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares or gives a fuck about your rhymes
And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine
'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight
When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine?
But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine
I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine
But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause

[Beyoncé:]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes

'Cause I'm only human, just like you
I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh
If I walked on water, I would drown

[Eminem:]
'Cause I'm just a man
But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike
So me and you are not alike
Bitch, I wrote "Stan"You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you
And I believe
I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
Snatch the keys from your hand
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
And you must hate me
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
And you've had enough of me
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you!"
'Cause I'm stronger than I was

A beautiful face is all that you have
'Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad
But you're all that I love
I grasp, you can't leave
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please

And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
But you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothing, nothing for me
So please don't wake me from this dream, baby
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you!"
'Cause I'm stronger than I was

You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide that you caused 'cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I'd rather die than you not by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide,
Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde
No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
'Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike, too, should've
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time
No one could hurt me like you could've
Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
Bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer
'Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
And the life we could've had and we could've been
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit
I'mma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chump-ions
I'm done being your punching bag

It was November 31st today, would've been our anniversary
Two years, but you left on the first of May
I wrote it on a calender, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say
But they came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay
And I thank you (uh) 'cause you made me (uh) a better person than I was
But I hate you (uh) 'cause you drained me (uh)
I gave you all, you gave me none
But if you blame me (uh), you're crazy (uh)
And after all is said and done
I'm still angry, yeah, I may be
I may never trust someone

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you!"
'Cause I'm stronger than I wasFeeling kinky, lip syncing to Too $hort's "Freaky Tales" (Biatch!)
Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking
And envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells
I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she's decals
But when murdering females
Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed
Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail
If you get scratched because your DNA'll
Be all up under her fingernails
Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares
He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears
Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware
Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs
She's unaware in no underwear, she's completely bare
Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly
I said "I'm here to do sink repairs."
Chop her up, put her body parts
In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there

But hey man, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed

Woke up, it was dawn, musta knew somethin' was wrong
Think I'm becomin' a monster 'cause of the drugs that I'm on
Donald Duck's on, there's a Tonka Truck in the yard
But dog, how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car?
Gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it
Must go above and beyond, 'cause it's incumbent upon me
Plus I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde
Girl, that motherfuckin' baton twirler that got dumped in the pond
Second murder with no recollection of it
Collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' out sections from it
Memory's too fucked to remember, destructive temper
Cut my public defender's jugular then stuck him up in a blender
Another dismembered toddler discovered this winter probably
'Cause the disassembled body
Was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly
I'm wanted for questioning
Them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me

But hey man, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed

Still on the loose, they
Spotted me inside McDonald's Tuesday
In a Toronto Blue Jays cap, lookin' like your college roommate
With Rihanna, Lupe, Saddam Hussein, Bobby Boucher
Or was it Cool J? The cops is on a goose chase
Just escaped from the state pen
For [edited] eight women who hate men
Don't make it no weirder, I'm naked
When I break in your basement
Under your baby's play pen, I lay in, wait adjacent
Facin' the door, remainin' patient while stayin' complacent
Blatant sexual implications are continuin' to get thrown
Insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems
Left on your pillow in hopes, that when you get home
You'll get the hint, ho: I'm in your window
But it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene
In a verse and be charged with first degree
'Cause it just happened to match up perfectly
With the massacre or the Burger King burglary
No, officer, you see...

I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed[Girl]
Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!! Shit
[Em]
Yo, mic check
Testing one, two, um... twelve
(whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz)
[Em]
This is my dance song (Outsidaz)
Can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee)
[Em]
Aight, ay turn my headphones up
(bust it bust it)

[Eminem]
My favoite color is red, like the blood shed
from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(I can't stand white people!)
You thought I was livid, now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*}
I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show
(Yo can you sign this right here?)
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin every verse that I spit
cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Yo.. yo yo yo yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, "I suck" (I SUCK!!!)
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
and yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem this is your record release party!)
I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer 
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all)
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
(ohhhhhhh) And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*}
So I told em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be!"
I told em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!)"
Then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*}
Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring, click*]
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [20X]I feel phenomenal as usual
Pharmaceuticals, glue stick to crucify me at Bonnaroo
But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee, Chicago, or Houston
In the corner trying to seek solitude
Shallow but such a hollow dude
I won't even swallow solid food
Alcoholic too, plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa
Top it off I'm on mushrooms so fuck all of you
Roses to violet mollies are blue
Lost in a ball of confusion
Its all an illusion
It's probably the shrooms I'm on
Cause I think I started hallucinating
Cause I just thought I just heard Jay Electronica and Odd Future's new shit
And all I can do is follow the music
And end up with Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza
Fillin' water balloons with nail polish remover
Just a problem in wallowing fumes
I feel uptight I gotta get looser
After I finish polishing off this bottle of booze I got a solution
Concentrated like orange juice so I'm not as diluted
Cause all this delusion got me seein' shit
Excusez-moi but that coochie that passed
You see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze
But juicier ass, it belongs in a juicer
It's mouth waterin' too so I walked up to it like I'm Marshall
Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll Introduce ya
Oh I'm a misogynist too but I'm not a masseuse
But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth
A chronic abuser, not only user of marijuana
I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of you losers
Got a bazooka, a shotgun, a ruger, a Glock, and a nuke
And a Rottweiler too, I'm not in the mood so
When I say I'm bringing the TEC out
I'm not coming to repair your fuckin' electronic computers
God, I'm gonna puke
I'm so gone off the hookah
I think I swallowed a loofah
I'm tore up, demolished, a fuckin' stone like Oliver
Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her
The thoughts I produce are loony tunes
The box of usable latex gloves and the socks and the shoes
To replace next up Veronica's boobs
And a paychecks that were stuffed in a glove box
In a blue Honda with used condoms were clues
The girl was just not the one suitable for him

[Hook:]
Right For Me will change me rearrange my head to be
Just right for you and me don’t laugh, please listen
Don’t laugh, please listen

Thought I could endure the pressure
Collapse and crumble perhaps
Relapsing under that
Well that's a bunch of crap
In the clutch, I'm the Captain Crunch of rap
And I'm sick of acting humble thats enough of that
Fuck that shit, cut the sack
Like its a natural reaction
That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match
Cause push keeps coming to that
I can keep getting my ass kicked, keep it coming back
Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit so mad
Disgruntled had some struggles yeah
But that passionate hunger's back
The fantastic juggling act
And the way I flip my tongue on the track
It's like verbal acrobatics
But in fact
Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic
I fuckin' crashed my hovercraft
After I strapped the duffel bag to my back
And stuck the massive punchin' bag in it
An elastic bungee strap, proper plaster, a thumb tack
And a piece of plastic bubble wrap
Went spastic and fuckin' snapped
Jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid
Stumbled back, recovered, back flipped
And landed on a gymnastic tumble mat
And for my last trick, lunge on back lash
On a NASA shuttle flap, fuckin' snapped the rudder in half
Chuckled and laughed, buttaled my last rebuttal
And just asked him to come crash
And I go grab my go-go-gadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress
And ceramic construction hat
Rubbed my magic mushroom tat
Fell off then splat, get up from that
Face taped to a waste paper basket
Throw up then gas, lungs collapse
And that's more likely than finding someone that's

[Hook]

Couple of shots of Jäger
Public intoxication, dis-fuckin'-combobulation
Flooded with thoughts of anger
While I was away I know probably some of you got to thinkin'
"You're top ten ain't cha?" stop cause you fuckers are talkin' crazy
And stop interrupting you're not even up in the conversation
Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous
Underground, pop, or nameless, whatever your job is
I came to fuck with your occupation
You're thinkin' just cause you came in with scrubs
And you brought the scalpel and sponge
The oxygen tank and the suction and shot the brain surgeon
Stuck in the operating room
Once you done, swapped your name with him
Smuggled in Ronald Reagan
If you duck him up Donald Fagen
While juggling waffles baking
Fuckin' McDonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagle
They flung it across the table
Then bump it and knock it shake it
Jumped and got in the way then disrupted my concentration
I said fuck it and lost my patience
Since they all woke up from sedation
Ain't none of you Doctor Dre
So then what does it got you thinkin'
That you can fuck with this operation
Aftermath, still running hip-hop amazing
I'm still pluggin' along
No need for an assumption
Here's confirmation
I'm up for the long duration
I'm just looking for something to walk away with
Some pocket change and a little integrity
Though I'll probably be jumpin' across the stage
Till I'm fuckin' Madonna's age and
Stuck in an awkward place in my life
But I shit you not like I'm fucked up with constipation
That day will come before I stumble upon some ladies

[Hook]Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] Yeah)
Too late
([Eminem:] I can't keep chasing 'em
I'm taking my life back)
Caught in a chase
25 to life

I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life I would've laid
Down and died for you I no longer cry for you
No more pain bitch you
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it
Now my respect I demand it
I'mma take control of this relationship
Command it, and I'mma be the boss of you now goddammit
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid?
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left
But you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step
And I won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath
You know what you've done no need to go in depth
I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left
I'd laugh while you wept
How's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it? You neglected me
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate but it's

Too late for the other side ([Eminem:] Yeah)
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] Can't take no more)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life

I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh
'Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half
'Til I snap
Don't think I'm loyal
All I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side?
I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time?
You don't think so, do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls
Why I'm married to you still? Man, I don't know
But tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you
Go marry someone else and make 'em famous
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on forget you oh,
Now I'm special? I didn't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this
Helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out
I fell for this so many times
It's ridiculous
And still I stick with this
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction
You're addictive as they get
Evil as they come vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep asking me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted
To the pain, the stress, the drama
I'm drawn in so I guess I'm a mess
Cursed and blessed
But this time I
Ain't changing my mind
I'm climbing out this abyss
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you
You left me off your list

Fuck you hip-hop
I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch
And it's just

Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] I'm gone, man)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late
Caught in a chase
25 to life[Eminem]
A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death..
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't want to die yet
A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil..
that I do all types of.. retarded shit
Look, I can't change the way I think
And I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you? Good
Cause I still don't give a fuck

I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo
Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint
A lyricist without a clue, what year is this?
Fuck a needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this
Livin amuk, never givin a fuck
Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck
But I smoke dope in a cab
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab
Come back the next week and re-open your scab (YEAH!)
A killer instinct runs in the blood
Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud
I've calmed down now -- I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn
The rest of my body's still bein operated on
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme
Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time

[Chorus:]

For all the weed that I've smoked - yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have - yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS
For all the drugs that I've done - yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce - yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can KISS MY ASS

[Eminem]
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue
I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles
And pull you apart from both angles
I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins
And bust open like broken water mains
So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb 
Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm
Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm
So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on
And the pants to match ("Here momma try em on")
I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives,
a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives
(Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Ohh shit!)
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt?
I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet
Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches 
Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
Never ran with a click - I'm a posse
Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me
From the second I was born, my momma lost me 
I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy
I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
My worst day on this earth was my first birthday
Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage?
Fuck, I was born during the earthquake

[Chorus]Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay
Alright, aight, aight, aight, aight, aight
Yo, yo
Alright, I'mma lay the chorus first
Here we go now

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom, my mom
I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom
Oh-ho, whoa-ho
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So every day, I'd have at least three stomach aches
Now, tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under-a-fuckin'-chiever?
My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
"What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fucking seat for?"
"Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffing ether
Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer"
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither, I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleeping
What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for?
Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin'
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner
"You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I?
Now here's a plate full of painkillers
Now just wait 'til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes
You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make
That retarded fucking face without even tasting it
You better lick the fucking plate, you ain't wasting it
Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again
And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there
In one fucking place, finnickin' 'til next Thanksgiving
And if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip, it'll be placed in the shit
You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent?
A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business, kid"

My mom
There's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on

'Cause my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom loved Valium, now all I am
Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohh

Man, I never thought that I could ever be
A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually
What has ended up happening, a tragedy
The fucking past ended up catching me
And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful
She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache
"Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat?
Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it"
But I don't need it "Well fuck it then, break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up"
Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop and gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom, I'm just like her
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my momma
Me momma, I like-a da momma
Haha, sorry Mom
I still love you though
Dr. Dre, 2010
Ay, this shit is hella hard, homie
Yo, take us on outta here
Woo![Dre (Em)]
Yeah
(Definitely, definitely, definitely, dope, definitely, definitely K-mart)
Yeah, yeah

[Eminem (Dr. Dre):]
You find me offensive, I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence, if I should draw the line on any fences
If so to what extent
If at any should I go
'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive
Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this,
Far at other peoples' expenses
I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphemous
Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor
I killed Superman, I killed Super--man
And how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite: The Green Chronic

[Chorus:]
'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is...
I forgot my name!
My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is....
Rain Man

Now in the Bible it says
Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed,
Have homosexual sex
Unless, of course, you were given the consent to join in
Then, of course, it's intercourse
And it's bi-sexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during or after performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
Who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I gotta question if I may? (Yeah)
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But, up I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't mean to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because...

[Chorus]

You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip-ass canister
Goddamn it Dre where's the god damn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it
I got it, high five Nick Lachey
Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away
And as she flew around the room like a balloon
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and zoom
I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no god damn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit

[Chorus]
Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH
Yo, Rain Man
Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand and
Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
Nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three
And seventy (Yeah)(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm..
(kill kill kill)

[Chorus: Eminem]

Mentally ill from Amityville (HE'LL)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he will (HE'SSSS)
Mentally ill from Amityville
[(HE'SSSS) - on repeats only]

[Eminem]
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK)
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh)
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack)
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this

[Chorus 2X]

[Bizarre]
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
(AH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
(Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep
Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral

[Chorus 2X]

[Eminem]
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (filled)
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot
and when the police come we fucking shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??)
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?)
Cause once i snap i cant be held accountable for my actions
and that's when accidents happen,
when a thousand bullets come at your house
and collapse the foundation around and they found you
and your family in it (AH!)
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU

[Chorus 2X]

Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum..I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw!
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong!
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog?
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching?
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me (oohh)
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying!?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see!
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane![Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.

[Eminem:]
Lately I really feel like I'm rolling for delf like Philly,
Feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely
Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complaining,
But life keeps on complicating, and I'm debating
On leaving this world this evening,
even my girls can see I'm grievin',
I try and hide it,
But I can't. Why do I act like I'm all high and mighty,
When inside I'm dying.
I am finally realizing I need help.
Can't do it myself. Too weak. Two weeks I've been having ups and downs,
Going through peaks and valleys,
Dilly-dallying 'round with the idea of ending the shit right here.
I'm hatin' my reflection. I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors.
I can't stand what I look like, yeah. I look fat, but what do I care?
I give a fuck. Only thing I fear is Hailie,
I'm afraid if I close my eyes and I might see her.
Shit.

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.

[Eminem:]
I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon.
Yeah, dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you.
Marshall, what happened that you can't stop with these pills?
And you falling off with your skills?
And your own fans are laughin' at you?
It become a problem. You're too pussy to tackle, get up.
Be a man, stand. A real man would've had this shit handled.
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed.
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust.
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that.
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first.
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse.
Now I'm popping Vics, Percs and Methadone pills.
"Yeah, Em, tight verse. You killed it."
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men.
And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it.
It's in their best interest to protect their investment.
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend. So, fuck it, I guess then...

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
(don't know what I'm gonna do)
I'm going through changes.
(but I just keep on going through changes.)

My friends can't understand this new me.
That's understandable, man, but think how bananas you'd be.
You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo.
And everybody's lookin' at you. What you want me to do?
I'm startin' to live like a recluse
and the truth is
Fame's startin' to give me an excuse
to be at a all-time low.
I sit alone in my home theater watchin' the same damn DVD
Of the first tour. The last tour he was still alive.
And it hurts. So, I fast forward. Sleepin' pills will make me feel alright.
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night,
I'll just take a couple more. Yeah, you're motherfuckin' right.
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound.
Almost in a coma. Yeah, homie, come on dole 'em out.
"Daddy, don't you die on me. Daddy, better hold your ground."
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice?
Yeah, baby hold me down.

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
(Don't know what I'm gonna do)
I'm going through changes.
(but I just keep on going through changes.)

[Eminem:]
Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through.
Swear when I come back I'mma be bulletproof.
I'mma do it just for Proof. I think I should state a few
Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth.
Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not've made it through?
I think about the things I would've never got to say to you.
I'd never get to make it right. So, here's what I came to do.
Hailie, this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina, too.
I still love your mother, that'll never change.
Think about her every day. We just could never get it together.
Hey, wish there was a better way for me to say it,
But I swear on everything: I'd do anything for her on any day.
There are just too many things to explain.
When it rains, guess it pours. Yes, it does.
Wish there wasn't any pain,
But I can't pretend there ain't.
I ain't placin' any blame,
I ain't pointin' fingers. Heaven knows I've never been a saint.
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history.
And just today I looked at your picture, almost if to say
"I miss you" subconsciously. Wish it didn't end this way,
But I just had to get away. Don't know why.
I don't know what else to say. I guess I'm...

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
(Don't know what I'm gonna do)
I'm going through changes.
(but I just keep on going through changes.)[Eminem: x4]
I'll sit on you
Da da, da da, da da

[Eminem:]
I'll sit on you
I will sit on you
I'll sit on you
Girl you know it's true
I'll sit on you
Bitch or man
I'll sit on you
I will sit on you

[Swifty:]
I remain fatter than gluttony
Taping bombs to the back of record companies
Blow them up if they ain't want me
The National Guard, they scared to hunt me
I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me
A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana
These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas
You can act a fool if you wanna (bitch)
It's this lyrical piranha
Strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama
Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom
Twist nothin up like a condom
Slap it if you fuckers got a problem
When I see them, you hoes ending up in a fuckin mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM
Pull in the garage while you screamin
Keep the motor on then I'm leaving (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll shit on you!

[Chorus: Eminem]
I will bajs on you I don't care who you are
(I'll sit On You!)
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
(I'll sit On You!)
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
(I'll shit On You!)
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
(I'll sit On You!)

[Bizarre:]
I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet
Pass the hot dogs (Bizarre aren't you Islamic?)
Bitch shut your fucking mouth
I'm a keep eating 'till Richard Simmons comes to my house
With a chain saw to cut me out
My fuckin' wife
I haven't had sex since I met her
I'm to busy fucking, your 12 year old baby sitter
And all women ain't shit
Only good for cooking, cleaning
And sucking dick and that's it (I said it)
I was responsible for killing John Candy
I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody
Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre

[Eminem:]
My adolescent years weren't shit 'till what I do now
I never grew up I was born grown, and grew down
The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in
The more ignorant, the incident, is I fit in
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit
I don't know when to quit throwing a fit
I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me
It's they who raised me and say the can take me
It's they who legs I brake and make achy
It's they who mistake me and make me so angry
(I'll Shit On You!) I'll spit on you
Start pissing and do the opposite on you
You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
On his skit on his last album
Pull my pants down and...

[Chorus]

[Kon Artist:]
Is Richard Pryor still alive?
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying (what?)
Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel God dang-it
Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with
Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
My need I stay strangling
I don't need your help
If you gon' give me the pussy
I'll un-loosen my belt (I'll Shit On You!)
I'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock
Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your teck, I'll beat you with it across your chest

[Kuniva:]
It's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun, when I'm drunk
I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
(Hey, hey, hey!)
I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
That's like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson (I'll Shit On You)
So what you hollering and yelling about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out
Niggas get hit with a two piece, "Bling Bling"
With a poisonous sting
I'm such a violent thing

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
Once I get on two, hits of X
My disk slips and disconnects
'Till I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
(C'mon, I'll Shit On You!)
Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
And puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too [Bullets spray]
A lot of people say misoginistic which is true
I can't deny it matter of fact I stand by it
So please stand by it before we start up a damn riot
If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
Boy girl dog woman man child
I'll Shit On You!

I will sit On You I don't care who you are[Intro]
You still love me?
Take this. [2 guns cock]
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! [2 shots]

[Chorus]
The more you, put me through,
The more it makes me wanna come back to you,
You say you hate me, I just love you more,
You don't want me, I just want you more,
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
I know it's sad but it's making me happy,
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
Cause you love me, and I love you more.

[Verse 1]
It's sick, but who could ever predict,
We'd be doin' the same shit,
We say we do it for our baby but we don't,
We do it for us, it's lust,
Cause neither one of us trusts each other,
So we fuck 'til we bust,
Then we cuss each other, out,
We know what it's about,
Shout 'til I throw you out the house,
You throw me out the house,
I throw you on the couch,
Punch you in the mouth,
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT,
And apologize after,
Laughter, pain, it's insane,
We're back in the same chapter again,
And it's sad but it's true,
When I'm layin' here with you,
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Cause I hate you, do you hate me?
Good cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry,
It makes me wanna just take you,
And just throw you on the bed,
And fuck you like I don't even know you,
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people,
You a slut but I'm equal, I'm a mutt,
We're both evil in our ways,
But neither one of us would ever admit it,
Cause one of us would have one up on the other,
So forget it,
We can make accusations, people spread rumors,
But they ain't got proof,
'Til they do it's just the two of us,
It's you and me, cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
But you gotta believe me to a degree,
Cause true indeed if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it,
Yeah I would cause the sex is too damn good,
If I ran who would I run to,
That would be this soft and warm,
So it's off and on, usually more off than on,
But at least we know that we share this common bond,
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on,
I hope, the only reason that I cope,
Is cause of that fact,
And plus I can bust in that,
And that's why...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I could never understand it,
That's why I don't try,
From junior high until we both die,
It's silly ho why must we try,
Is it really so rough,
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
Try to pull each other's legs,
Until the other begs,
We're liein' to ourselves,
That's the beauty of it yeah,
Cause we truly love each other,
That's why we always fight,
And all we do is shove each other,
Every other fuckin' night,
And it's clear it ain't gonna change,
It's pent up rage,
We both have,
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
We've both been,
Someone else's someone else,
Problem is neither one wants help,
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
Our family's mixed up,
There's a baby sister in the mix,
And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
On every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
All the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopdy doo,
But I won't be made a fool of,
If this is true love,
You wouldn't do what,
You did last time,
You wouldn't screw up,
This time,
Cause this time girl,
I'm telling you what,
You do it again I'm fucking you up,
No matter what...

[Bridge]
What you say, what you do,
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you,
No matter where you run, I'll be right there,
Right behind you, in your nightmares,
All the flowers, and the candy,
All the times that you threw it back at me,
You told me you hate me, you're gonna hate me more,
When you find out, can't escape me whore.

[Chorus][Verse 1:]
(What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't have one
My mother reproduced like the Komodo Dragon
And had me on the back of a motorcycle
Then crashed in the side of locomotive with rap, I'm loco
It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
About to explode all over the canvas
Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm
(Your music usually has them)
(But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't)
(Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan)
A Jedi in training, colossal brain and, thoughts of entertaining
But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and
Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting
Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk
Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog
Can't even find the page, I was writing this rhyme on (oh..)
Its on a rampage, couldn't see what I wrote I write small
(It says) Ever since I drove a 79 Lincoln with white walls
Had a fire in my heart, and a dire desire to aspire, to die hard
So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card
Hip hop ain't dying on my watch

[Hook:]
But sometimes, when I'm sleeping, she comes to me in my dreams
Is she taken? Is she mine? Don't got, I don't care, don't have two shits to give
Let me take you by the hand, to promise land, and threaten everyone
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge:]
Nah, (What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't know him, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Ha ha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)
NO

[Verse 2:]
If he had, he wouldn't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
I wouldn't be so mad, my attitude wouldn't be so bad, yeah, dad
I'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens
When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands, and
Makes you want to get up and start dancing
Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens, to be rapping
Blue lights flashing, laughing all the way to the bank
Lamping in my K-Mart mansion, I'm in the style department
With a pile in my cart, ripping the aisle apart
With great power comes absolutely no responsibility, for content
Completely, despondent, and condescending
The king of nonsense and controversy is on a
Beat killing spree, your honor, I must plead
Guilty, 'cause I sparked a revolution
Rebel without a cause, who caused the evolution of rap
To take it to the next level, boost it
But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
(Hip hop is the devil's music) Is that me? It belongs to me?
'Cause I just happen to be, a white honky devil with two horns
That don't honk but every time I speak you, hear a beep?
But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper
Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch
'Cause it's the…

[Hook]
It's the time of the season, when hate runs high
And this time I won't give it to you easy
When I take back what's mine, with pleasured hands
And torture everyone, that is my plan, my job here isn't done
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge:]
(Whats your name?) Shady
(Who's your daddy?) I don't give a fuck, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)

[Verse 3:]
So yeah dad let's walk
Let's have us a father and son talk
But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block
Without me knocking your block off
This is all your fault
Maybe that's why I'm so bananas
I appeal to all those walks of life
Whoever had strife
Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
'Cause I related to the struggles of Young America
When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again
It's hysterical, I chuckle
'Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
Yeah, uh oh, better beware knuckle heads
The sign on my hustle says "Don't knock"
The door's broken, it won't lock
It might just fly open, get cold-cocked
You critics come pay to me a visit
Misery loves company, please stay a minute
Kryptonite to a hypocrite
Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
Too busy getting stoned in your glass house
To kick rocks, then you wonder why I lash out
Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers
So spread the word 'cause I'm promoting my passion 'til I'm passed out
Completely brain dead Rainman
Doing the Bankhead in a restraint chair
So bitch, shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
Or get shanked in the pancreas, I'm angrier than
All 8 of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef
'Cause I hate every fucking thing, yeah
Even this rhyme bitch, and quit tryna look
For a fucking reason for it that ain't there
I still am a criminal
Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my genitals
The last Mathers LP done went diamond
This time I'm predicting that this one will go emerald
When will the madness end, how can it when
There's no method the pad and pen
The only message that I have to send
Is "Dad, I'm back at it again."
Bitch (who's your daddy?)Yo, check it out, it's fucked up, and I don't see either one of us budging

"I'm withholding my anger
Though I'd like to be the strangler
Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck
It's my right to insist
That he acknowledge my existence
But he just displays complete lack of respect"
That's what he says to himself
As he use his magazines to trash me
As he sits with both his feet up at his desk
Smokes a bag of his weed
And starts imagining things
And he just can't see that he's manically depressed
And in his jealousy and envy
It just whirls him in a frenzy
As he turns on MTV and sees my face
He don't exist in this world
So he just twists and he twirls
Spirals and spins till he hurls himself into rage
And it's destroying him slowly
Cause he does not even know me
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes
So he just tortures himself
He has no fortune and wealth
So he extorts someone else to get his dough
And now he's acting like a bully
So he tries to push and pull me
But he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad
He has no choice but to scream
And raise his voice up at me
Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared

You ain't no motherfucking (bully)
And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking (bully)
I won't allow it, ain't gonna cower to no (bully)
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully)
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...)
And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall(y...)

Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies
No more unfortunately
There's so many other motherfuckers that just are
They just keep hounding at me
Now that I'm down with 50
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja [laughter]
But his ass is such a puppet
Irv could shove his whole hand up it
And just make him say what he wants him to say
But Suge has Irv's on a string
And Irv's so nervous that he
Says anything to this man to keep him at bay
So now Ja thinks that he's so tough
And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf
And they go huff and puff and blow our label down
But our building's made out of bricks
So you ain't taking out shit
And dog you just did a song with Bobby Brown
So now you try to pull the race card
And it backfires in your face hard
Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit
Plus this stylist that you fucked
When you was ecstasied up
Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch

You must be taking to much (E...)

Now what bothers me the most
About hip-hop is we so close
To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac
We just lost Jam Master J
Big L got blasted away
Plus we lost Bugz, Slang Ton, and Freaky Tah
It's like a never-ending cycle
That just seems to come full circle
Everybody's gotta be so fucking hard
I'm not excluding myself
Cause I been stupid as well
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart
But as we grow as men
We learn to let shit go, but then again
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand
We all got reps to uphold
When someone steps on our toes
It's no exception, it goes for every man
But if Irv really gave a fuck
About Ja like he claims he does
He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
But he just keeps feeding him pills
So if that E doesn't kill him
Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed
Dawg, I'm talking to you straight
If the situation escalates
Any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
And if I get killed for this rap
I got a million in cash
That says I will get you back in Hailie's name

Irvine, get your boy off that (E...)

[Spoken:]
Get at me, dog
Holla[Eminem]
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwing her over furniture (Ah!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
[*vocal turntable: chigga chigga chigga*]
"Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who." "Yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes [SLURP]
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
[*EWWW!*] But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes

[Chorus – Eminem (repeat 2x):]
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Eminem]
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records;
Well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD [AHHH!]
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you [bzzzt]
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it [*ERR*] I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings
[*HACH*] Or in the parking lot, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

[Chorus 4X]

[Eminem]
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand upYou claim if you get knocked by the cops
You'll give 'em not even a statement
Walk in the arraignment, shoot the bailiff
Karate kick the plaintiff
Gotti with the stainless
I'll just call it shoddy entertainment
If y'all was in the party gettin' faded
On molly, had the audience sedated
You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted
Probably let it fall and hit the pavement
But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it
Bitch, stop bein' a lame
Your hobby isn't robbery and dismemberin' body limbs
Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells
And chainsawing them in the basement
Hardly fits your job description
Ain't nobody dippin' out the back of the club like, "Oh my God, he's trippin'"
Only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it?
Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it
I need to stop bein' debated
You're still copyin', Xeroxing, I'm still coppin' a feel
Like Bill Cosby at will, popping a pill then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee
Then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy
This blonde fuck's reprehensible misconducts, never sensible
Kiss my butt, my set of principles is gone
But 'til I get the President to respond
My pen and pencil is a missile launcher
And send it to Mitch McConnell
Just as big of a bitch as Donald
Shit's on, bruh
Let me sing this shit soprano
While I do it pizzicato
Ivanka, stiff arm her
While I'm hittin' on Melania
And this song's for all ya

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
(I hope you offended)
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
(I hope you offended)
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
(I hope you offended)
'Cause I swear when I get up I'm never gonna let up
'Til everybody eats my turds

These drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me
Like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery
Goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam
I'm gettin' handys with the zanny Xannys in the Caddy armrest
I'm imagining objects, so I'm batting cobwebs
From a daddy longleg
And Hamtramck, got the panoramic camera
Xanax, a banana hammock and a Santa hat
I'm smellin' like a damn mechanic
With a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent
Twice her age and I'm actin' half it
Grow up? Nah
Not that I know of, y'all
Basement just got a frickin' overhaul, got a stripper pole installed
Started rollin' all through those Kolonopins like a bowlin' ball
Like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol and go through no withdrawal
While I get fellatio and give a facial to an interracial blow-up doll of Rachel Dolezal
You're so appalled, so's my manager
Bitch I'm amateur, fuck a pro career
Coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here
And nobody's close, so don't compare
They ain't nowhere near, I'm way over here
My competition can't see me
'Cause I don't own a mirror
But Marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted
I'm so narcissistic, when I fart, I sniff it
Do a fake dab to smell my armpits with it
Your anxiety's throwin' gang signs
But I made strides with these rape lines
I'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes
Like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes
Bang, bang, bang, bang time
Dang knives'll butcher them gay wives
You're gonna need sutures the same size
As the blade I push into captcha
When I pull 'em like sleigh rides
Gotta stab a bitch at least eight times
To make it on Dateline
I came to stake my claim like a canine
Waitin' in a buffet line
So Kellyanne Conway, I'm a really bad hombre
Come play, belly dance on me
I've been making wedding plans all day

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
(I hope you offended)
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
(I hope you offended)
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
(I hope you offended)
'Cause I swear when I get up I'm never gonna let up
'Til everybody eats my turds

Eight year old with the wordplay
Girl, take this pole like a survey
Today wasn't my birthday
But I'm caked up like a dessert tray
So we're in shape
'Cause you're in a slurrin' state
I'm a ten, you're an eight, like what I do before, after, and during rape
You wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better?
And they made a fool out of what I pulled out him
R. Kelly with a full bladder
Non-high school grad, I'm not a scholar
But I'm so cold when I'm droppin' knowledge my degrees
It's the same as I got in college (zero)
But nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect
I owe you nada like Haloti, partner blow me
Told you I'm so dirty, homie you can throw me in some holy water
With some floaties on
And get the soap, and try to get the Pope to hold me
While you hose me off And nope I won't be washed
You hope to God I don't explode, I gotta blow this spot up, though
I got a lotta more
I won't put the sugar coating on it though
'Cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired
Rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped
You feel like a wet pile of crap
But look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone, uh huh
I get why you're tapped
But you gotta get your fire back
Catch fire, get upset and fire back
Is what I tell myself
When times get bad
'Cause sometimes I might get sad
But I take the same advice I had
And tell myself like I used to tell Hailie, when life's a drag
Told her to do like her dad, don't cry, get mad
'Cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags
I'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me
I'm right in your ass (sodomy)
'Fore the pen, I stood up for the kid who had to put up with the bullies at his school (at his school)
You ain't have to have no money or go shoppin' just to cop a fuckin' attitude
Now my dough's amountin' to a mountain, it's rised too high to count it
Never asked to be rich, all I did was wish I had a dime for every time that I was doubted
But then I think about it and I'm enraged
'Cause I just figured out that if I was paid
For the time I spent to put the pen to the page
It'd be minimum wage
But it's embedded in my head. I never hunted for the bread and butter
What I wanted was to be the one that they were scared of
But I'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood I put up in the pen
And when I'm dead I wonder will they put me on a pedestal
Or forget I was ever this incredible
I guess I better go harder than ever 'cause I'll never get
Another motherfuckin' opportunity again
To offend as many people with this I can, simply because I can

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
(I hope you offended)
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
(I hope you offended)
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
(I hope you offended)
'Cause I swear when I get up I'm never gonna let up
'Til everybody eats my turdsYou know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em something
Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking
You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking
(grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leaning out a window, with a cocked shotgun
Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressing ridiculous
Blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' popping and wrist watches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!")
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to wiling out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned
Passionate ass-whooping and getting your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. (hahaha)
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screaming, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves "Clowns" 'cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
(AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all running your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10
And I don't need help, from D12, to beat up two females
In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!

'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy,
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me)

Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin bitch mom's suing for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your [attorney Fred Gibson's a] faggot!
Talking about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help:
Uh, here – DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ah fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

Because I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)[White Gold:]
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn

[Royce Da 5'9:]
I'm a product of properly hoppin' up out of that poverty
Profitin' all for coppin' and scrappin' that property all for a possible monopoly
Try not to adopt my father's old philosophies
Same time I'm prayin' to God that everything works out at his colonoscopy
I walk in the crossroad, suicidal tightrope intentionally
While the demons comin' out of me
Wifey's on the side of me talkin' sense into me
Without she, I feel incomplete mentally, she's been sent to me
Right there since '96, worse nightmare to side chicks, some things are just meant to be
Deal with life
This it for me, give my daughters a kiss for me
Y'all call this fame, I call this shit alcoholistic infamy
Targettin' my kids and babies through population and gun control
Shit make me wanna make a hunnid more
Make a bigot racist uncomfortable
If y'all against talk and reparation then I'm not against the thought of separation
While the politicians that are white and privileged ask how is this different from segragation, that's funny bro
The segregation is bein' told where I'm gonna go
Separation is bein' woke and goin' wherever I wanna go

[White Gold:]
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn

[Eminem:]
Never sold dope, from the gold rope
Wanted one though, they were so dope (Yeah)
Was a have-not (Yeah) 'cause my pockets (Uh)
Didn't have knots, I was so broke
On my last rock, for my slingshot
Better haul ass, don't be no slow poke (Nope)
Through the tall grass, run your ass off (Yeah)
Oh no, got your pants caught on the fence post
Getting chased, by them Jackboys, think it's 'bout to fuzz
Like a lint roller they wait 'til it's late, they will tiptoe
Through your living room window
Take your Nintendo and then skate
Making you feel like you got bent over and raped
Little boy, you're never gonna get no rope chain
Get your shit stole, and your lip swole, I became bitter
As I got a little bit older, my hate
Was making me get cold, and began to get a chip shoulder
Started to spit vulgar, my ZIP code had been skid row
But I ate every single beat that I spit over, the shithole I escaped
Then I began to explode, detonate, now the Eastside went schizo
Thought my name was B-side 'cause they flipped over my tape
And I won't hesitate
To get 'em all bent so outta shape
Oh shit bro, hold up, wait
I just tripped over my cape (Superman)
And I'm not gonna let 'em treat the paper like I'm chopping a letter
Dre'll tell you how I shred
So when you refer to the guy next to the doc, you meant shredder
Now the cops wanna set up roadblocks on my head, I
Got several bounties from feds in every county
I'm with a gal at a Checkers wiling
Bumping "Fuck Da Police" while I fed her Rally's
This shit is like Romper Room
Why do I feel responsible for these kids?
All of whom I'm a father to
I'm a God to you, y'all better worship the water I walk on
Or y'all gonna meet your Waterloo
I get to flippin' the mic' as a murder weapon
I'm poppin' an extra clip, then cock and shoot, then I'm popping
Do not let me catch you slippin'
I will pop up and I'll take a spot from you
I'll get to doing what a leaky faucet do
But I ain't talkin' drip when I say that I'll get the drop on you
Singin' fuck all of you in Autotune
I am too volatile and too grizzly to bear
Yeah, shit is gettin' to where I can barely even sit in a chair
I bust my ass for this shit and I swear
It ain't even worth dissing someone so offbeat
That they can't even figure out where their words
Should hit the kick and the snare

[White Gold:]
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn[Bizarre:]
Music, reality
Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers
Have a responsibility to these kids... Psych!

[Eminem:]
If I were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow, or show love? Or would it matter?
Could never be the lead-off batter
If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin'
But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smoking crack?
'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back
I'll get up 'fore I get down
Run myself in the ground, 'fore I put some wack shit out
I'm tryna smack this one out the park: five-thousand mark
Y'all steady tryna drown a shark
Ain't gon' do nothing but piss me off
Lid to the can of whip-ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull a piece out
Fuck shooting, I'm just tryna knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch; let's see you freestyle!
Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap
Yo, Slim, you gon' let him get away with that?
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that
Man, I hate this crap, this ain't rap
This is crazy, the way we act when we confuse hip-hop
With real life when the music stops

[Swifty McVay:]
Ain't no getting rid of McVay, if so, you would've tried
The only way I'm leaving this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically
Arrived back at my enemies' crib with Hennessy
Got drunk then I finished him
I'm every nigga's favorite archenemy
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly, with a Dillinger in the dark, diligently
I'm not what you think, I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered; I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight
To awake neighbours for acres
I'll murder you; I gauge and have me turn into a mad man
Son of Sam; bitch, I'm surgical
I'm allergic to dying – you think not?
You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops

[Kon Artis:]
I was happy having a deal at first
Thought money would make me happy
But it only made my pain worse
It hurts when you see your friends
Turn their back on you, dawg
And you ain't got nothing left but your word and your balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Begging with their hands out
Checking for your record when it's selling
When it ain't, that's the end: no laughs, no friends
No girls, just the gin you drink till your car spin
You think "Damn!" when you slam into the wall
And you fall out the car and try to crawl with one arm
I'm 'bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow
Wonder would they even call? When the music stops

[Kuniva:]
Let's see how many of your men loyal
When I pull up looking for you with a pistol
Sipping a can of penzoil
I'm revved up; who said what? When lead bust
Your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed
Tossed in the paddy-wagon
Bragging about how you shouted like a coward
Bullets devoured you, showered you niggas
If I was you niggas, I'd run while given the chance
Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can't hurt me
Just the thought of dying alone that really irks me
You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop tryna walk how Gs walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we playing tug-of-war with your life
Fuck a tour and a mic, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife
Deliver that shit that coroners like
You hype, popping shit in broad daylight
Nigga, you're a goner at night; when the music stops

[Proof:]
Instigators turn pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbors; wrist to razors
Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk
In the dark, my dogs all bark, like, "Woof!"
Proof, nigga, I'm a wolf
Get your whole roof caved in, like reindeer hoofs
Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose
The more y'all breathe, shit, the more I moves
It's Hill Street: this is hardcore Blues
Put a gun to rap, check in all our dues
Or make the news, bet you all y'all move
When the Uzi pop, you better drop, when the music stop

[Bizarre:]
Music has changed my life in so many ways
Brain's confused, been fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to "Rock the Bells"
NWA said "Fuck the Police," now I'm in jail
Ninety-three was strictly R&B
Fucked up haircut, listened to Jodeci
Michael Jackson – who gon' tell me I ain't Mike?
Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin' Priscilla tonight
Flying down Sunset, smoking crack
Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back
M.O.P. had me grimey and gritty
Marilyn Manson: I dyed my hair blue, and grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bows
Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose
And a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, I'm going in shock
I'm reaching for the Glock, but the music stops

[Bang][Eminem singing]

There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout

[rapping]

A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time, when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch, you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans

[Chorus]

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an "S" tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit
I done seen how fast this rap shit
can turn into some pap-pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic
(Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon
Clack

[Chorus]
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

(SSHHH)
I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis
under my Long Johns
under my Sean Johns
when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone
Im'a do five years no less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while I'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared meant for my head
A target on my back
bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass
he probably gone send a task
I ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We are Americans
Us as a citizen
We as Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are AmericansNow this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the ra-ag
Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get impaled when I tell 'em stick it
So sick I'm looking pale, wait, that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bitch, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berzerk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk), shake your body

Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khaki's pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced, so I guess it ain't
That aftershave or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But, girl, your body's banging, jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree, 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, Baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowing up a valve, valve-valve
Ain't slowing it down, throw in the towel, towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
Least I know that I don't know
Question is are you both so smart enough to feel stupid
Hope so, now hoe...

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berzerk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk) shake your body

[Scratch]

And they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in Styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian
Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough Codeine to knock future into tomorrow
And, girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am trying to find a way to get you alone (car note)
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shit head with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangols and car-heart-less cargos
Girl, you're fixing to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow
Word, Rick, word, man, you heard, but don't get discouraged, girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berzerk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk), shake your body

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk) shake your body[Eminem]
Yo...Dre Man..Make my vocals sound sexy,
Come on man, come on man, okaaaay,

[Chorus]
It feels so wrong cause it feels so right,
But its all right, its ok with me,
I'll do my steps all by myself,
I don't need nobody to play with me,
But if you just give me a chance,
I can put you in a trance the way I dance,
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm
Taking My Ball and going home, hooome,

[Verse 1]
I'm that guy man,
Shove a diamond up my hind end,
And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals,
Slut poke holes in ya shirt, jump in mud puddles,
While I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl,
Now lets cuddle,
Blood curdling your gurgling on your blood,
What I do for my next trick,
Im feeling won-der-ful,
I think I might just do something a little less subtle,
Shove a fucking tonka truck up a little kids butthole,
Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador of the valentines day massacre slash assassin
I slash her in the ass with a icicle
And leave her laying a blood bath
While I put a catheter in
And jump in the bath with her,
In my spiderman mask man
Just imagine the fun I can have with a strap on,
Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon,
Are those pistachio's damn, I'd like to have some,
Laying on the patio man, rolling a fat one,
Shady drop the magic marker, put the cap on,
God damn man are you that much of an asshole,

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I'm like houdini,
Tuck my teenie eenie weenie between each
One of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie,
Make the shit disappear like tara reid in a bikini, believe me homie,
You don't know the meaning of a meanie,
They call me the fruit loop from jupiter,
I'm trying to maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot,
Dont move or ya might get it stuck so fucking far up in your uvula
You aint gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus,
Totally tubular sniffing glue through a tube in the studio
Now who do ya think is more fruitier,
Weenier smoothered in peanut butter putting on a tube of ya eye shadow and man it look nice,
You should've seen it mother,
I think I'll put a piece of art on my visa card,
Then I'll go meet Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart
Then mosy on over to Rosie-o-Donnell's
With McDonald's jump on her lap and watch the Sopranos..

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Shady what are you doing chewing on a human,
Grab an aluminum bat hit Heidi Klum in the back, BOOM!
Assuming the fact that dudes in the back room
Using the bathroom vacuum and a racoon,
Skewing a rat a cat screwing a baboon,
You shouldn't ask what is he doing with that broom,
You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds,
You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance ooh,
But there afraid I might get Sarah Palin by the hair
And make her wear a bathing suit and take her para sailing
Shady why you gotta pick on the lady for,
Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you in baby talk?
Cause I'm scared there's monster's under my bed,
Kelly Pickler hid my juice box under my bassinet,
No wonder my ass is wet my diaper needs to be changed,
You like graffiti dike, well I can pee pee and write your name,

[Chorus]

Fine nobody wants to play with me 
Fuck you then bitch!
You guys are always mean to me anyways 
All you ever do is rub gum in my hair and stuff
You guys are gonna make me...make me sad I'm sad
I'm gonna cry...I'm crying
I'm going' tell my mom....mom...[Sounds of someone puking]

There I go--thinking of you again

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more, more suitable for this type of song--whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it, I'ma start right here I'll just be brief I'm
Bout to rattle off some of the reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm, but what do I go and do
I go and get another one, now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim
Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-who

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up--yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta, a stupid piece a
Paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' coke-head slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die
Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna
Gag-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ag
What else can I do, I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now all I wanna do
Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you, I puke

Fuckin' bitch[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Eminem:] Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Verse 1: Eye-Kyu]
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right 
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forgot a gold digger's succubus , my souls thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch)
We elevated to new heights premeditated 
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated
To represent my temperment
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so)
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now)
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates
And as for face clutching and touching the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance 
Defiance, no we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno
So stop that bullshit and flow
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know

[Chorus: Eminem]
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Eye-Kyu:] Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be the sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see

[Verse 2: Eminem]
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313
You don't know shit so when you see one flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
If he's acting soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I shout the slang, simple as A,B,C's
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their 
fingers
But you can bring yours let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack 

[Chorus: Eye-Kyu]
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never becomeA-yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck

[Verse One:]
I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
I'm popping percocets, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
'Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they're flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While player haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money'll brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
While snakes slither in the grass spineless

[Chorus (2x):]
That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you're mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

[Verse Two:]
My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
'Cause when we die we know we're all going the same way
It's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
But they threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Who walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

[Chorus]

There's people that love me and people that hate me (yup)
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
That means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
There's lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'Cause right now I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em (I'm done)
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em
And the rings you're wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunt 'em I could be taking them to shops to pawn them
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
'Cause I never went gold off one song
I'm running up on someone's lawn with guns drawn

[Chorus]What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you will to be
Saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls their throwaway children. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
Move up a little bit from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better

All right, come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to the basement
And we can discuss statements that's made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music we all enjoy
The music you accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to '89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossing 8 Mile into Warren, into hick territory
I'd like to share a story, this is my story and can't nobody tell it for me
You have well informed me, I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a pass I call it hauling my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious so well-known tracks

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

I'd roam the streets so much they'd call me a drifter
Sometimes I'd stick up a thumb just to hitchhike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 Mile and Van Dyke
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half-way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
That's about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps
At Osbourne handing out some flyers, he was doing some talent shows
At Center Line High, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like, "White boys don't know how to rhyme."
I spit out a line and rhymed "birthday" with "first place"
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit where compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool 'til your man MC Shan came through
And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the Klan makes Troops
It was rumors but man, god damn, they flew
Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice Lamb suede too
But we just threw 'em in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next, X-Clan debut
Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red, black, and green
With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents Black Power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butta would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all
We was being laughed at "You ain't even half black."
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flav clock we gon' have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement
Saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the X Clan's tape is
Which reminds me back in '89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two-time me and there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool 'cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull her
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And that's the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the "Oh Foolish Pride" girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that I apologize
I was wrong 'cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a hoe

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home[Eye-Kyu:] Check it out, 
[Eminem:] Hey Kyu!

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried 
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep 
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity 
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool 
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep[Skylar Grey:]
I'm stumbling, I can't see straight
And it's my fault I got this way
I got my hands on something great
And found a way to mess it up
I did my best, I tried to change
But it's just in my DNA
I got my hands on something great
And found a way to fuck it up again

Now I'm the one thing you couldn't hate more
But you're the one thing that I would die for

[Eminem:]
All my life, I was told, I was never nothing special
I don't need to be reminded of it every other second
'Specially when all my self-esteem's
Already shot to hell, I'm falling helplessly
I'm embarrassed, I don't want no one else to see
'Cause I feel like I'm a piece of shit every time she yells at me
Selfishly addicted, definitely doesn't help that she
Makes me feel like I've died and gone to heaven
But makes life a living hell for me
She does that thing with her lip, now she's melting me
I'm putty in her palms, I'm wrapped around her finger
A yo-yo on a string, she lets me sit there and just dangle
Until something better comes along
And she'll just drop me like a hot potato
I look like I'm in pain, but I'm okay though
'Cause I know she loves me—my friends, what do they know?

[Skylar Grey:]
It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there, but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
(Drunk off tragic endings)

[Eminem:]
In my moments of weakness
I openly admit the shit I wouldn't normally
I'm extremely self-conscious and enormously
Insecure and she uses it to torture when she torments me
It only turns to ammunition for her in this war, when she
Gets goin' she don't stop, when I'm up she's like a downer
When I found her it was love at first encounter
But, somehow she musta took the carton of eggs off the counter
Cracked them and placed all the shells on the ground for
Me to walk on when I'm around her
But there's just something about her
That makes me not able to function without her
How can I get out of it when I don't know how to?
I'm a doubter, I'm a pessimist, make a believer out of me
And show me the way now or stay the fuck out of my cloud of rain
'Cause I'm going straight down the drain, I'm drowning

[Skylar Grey:]
It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there, but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
(Drunk off tragic endings)

Now I'm the one thing you couldn't hate more
But you're the one thing that I would die for

[Eminem:]
It took a while for me to get it, but I think I've figured it out
She don't want me, she just don't wanna see me with someone else
The idea of seeing me happy destroys her in itself
To see me falling to pieces brings her joy and brings her health
But it annoys her to see me get the strength to say, "Screw her!"
I threw up on myself, I'm dumb sick, I'm addicted to her
She's tryna block the door, so here's how I do her
Since I'm manure, she's a sewer
And this time this piece of shit's running through her
I can see the light, now I'm running to it
What the fuck? Shoulda knew it
Who would think she'd actually have the balls to do it?
As soon as I hopped in it, she doused the car with lighter fluid
She's standing there with a rag, 'bout to put the lighter to it
Lit the fucking thing on fire, then she threw it

[Skylar Grey:]
It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there, but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
(Drunk off tragic endings)Yo, how do I keep
(Man, I don't know what's up with these hoes, man)
Gettin' in relationships like this?
(I'm just sayin')
Maybe it says somethin' about me
(Yeah, yup)
Should I look in the mirror?

I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Why you always need a lecture?
My ex hates to talk, she's a texter
Even when I'm in bed layin' right next to her
Wants to get back together
Said not 'til she gets her act together

She thinks I'm bein' mean and now
She starts to scream and shout
She's about to let the demons out
She don't want to see me with other females out
I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route
She retaliates by tryin' to leave the house
In an evening gown with her cleavage out
We've been down this road too many times for me to count
And all I can think is how—

I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Like a fuckin' terrestrial
Guess it comes with the territory
My ex girl, she just declared war
Therefore, I better prepare for it
I guess bein' weird's normal

And I don't know what's got a hold of me
Most notably I've been zonin' to Jodeci
I'm totally open, hopelessly devoted
So much so that I bet you she don't even know that she's
The first thing I think of when I wake up
And the last thing I think of 'fore I go to sleep
Sike, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse
I know she cheats, so do I, I'm soulless, she's heartless
No wonder we're partners
Both got hundreds of charges
Domestic disputes but we've always
Swept it under the carpet
Even when 911 gets the call that
I slipped up and busted her jaw with
A Louisville Slugger 'cause alls it
Really does is make our love
For each other grow stronger
She won me over the second she tried to run me over
Told her I'd keep it a hun', we over
Kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over
But why is she so wicked?
And how the fuck did I get so twisted
Up with someone so unlikeable and shifty
We're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with
Ignitable liquids, but I'm finally seeing
She's only mine for the time being
That's why I keep bringin' up that one time she
Tried to two-time me
And throw it up in her face 'til I dry heave
How could I be so naive?
Should I leave or turn this entire evening
Into a motherfucking crime scene?

Maybe I'm just too ugly to compete with him
You weren't supposed to agree, you fucking bitch!
Especially when you're the one cheated first
Now the argument immediately becomes heated
You don't want me to flip, little conceited cunt
Eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita
Slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it
Complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it!
I love you but I hope you fuckin' die though
In our business your friends like to pry so
You've got 'em all under cover just like moles
Hopin' they'll come back with intel
But I'm the one who's thrown into the spiral
'Cause now the roles are reversed so here I go
Thinkin' I'm sly as I scroll through your iPhone
Who the fuck's Milo?
The guy at work who drives a hi-lo
I put a tracking device on your Chrysler
And follow you while you drive home
But like a cyclone, I just got my disguise blown
You recognize me and had Milo flip me off
Right out the passenger side window
I hit a light pole, you skrt off
And then pull up at 5AM in the drive in a stretched white limo
Stumble in the side door and hit me in the head with Milo's demo
But like a drunk bum, what do I know?
Let's sleep on it like they did Revival
I told you you're the apple of my eye, so shut your pie hole

Just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal? (Yeah)
I just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal?[Eminem:]
Instinctive nature, to bring the anguish (yeah) to the English language
With this ink, you haters get wrote on like a piece of paper
This rap shit got me travelin' place to place, you barely leave your house
'Cause you're always stuck at your pad, it's stationary
Yeah, that's why when I brainstorm, gotta write it out
Simon Cowell's rhymin' foul, that's why you sound so shook
Why your bound notebook got tied around your throat
Hook it inside your mouth, go...
That's what it's like when the mic is out
'Cause I'm tearin' at your fleshful dead
'Til your larynx and neck are split
With these lyrics, weapons expert with
Like hair extensions, extra clips
And you're scared to effin' death of it
Bitch, you're starin' at a legend that
In a pair of Sketcher, sweatshirt ripped
And hoodie black, should be strapped to a chair or stretcher
Electric, swear on every record, bitch
Finger so high in the air, I bet your senses flip
Like a barometric pressure switch
Carin' less who I offend with this
I'm at your neck like Pez dispense
Go 'head, spit your flow, bitch...

[Phresher:]
I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

[Eminem & Phresher:]
And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you
All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do?
My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose
And all at once just to have somethin' to chew...

[Eminem:]
Yeah, uh
And still conjoined at the hip with hop
Still on point and poignant
Skilled as Floyd is
And it's filled and still no filter, boy
I'll put you in your place (yeah) like a realtor, boy
You still ain't in the buldin', boy
I will destroy shit, even as I build it
Get the drill bit, pen is filled with poison
Which is the source, easy to still pinpoint it
Like what? Like a real thin joint, it
What? Comes on Quilted Northern
And what? In a built-in toilet
Yeah, bitch I told you I'm a dog (woof, woof)
I wouldn't heal with ointment
Way I'm kickin' these fairies tails
Should write a children's storybook (yeah)
Million voices in my head, but still get a little bit of thrill
And some real enjoyment
Off what? Off the feel of going in
Like? Like your bitch when she gives me brain
Like she thinks I'm dumb
Grabs the crown of my dick and blows me to kingdom come
'Til I feel anointed
She makes iller noises
When she's with me, must be from the Windy City
Pretty apparent, she's a M.I.L.F. when blowin' me
'Cause like Kandor and two, rippin' the condom in two, woo
Dick is a bargain or two, now I'm gettin' blue like Kolonopins
Rude Jude, I go there, you wouldn't
Well, I still have a few views, and comment on you
Just not YouTube, 'cause...

[Phresher:]
I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

[Eminem:]
You're a has-been
That has been the case since back when
You last went and threw your hat in the race
You've been trash
Stick your raps in the trash bin
Or end up in my next rhyme
You're a fuckboy, so next time
It's gonna be heads flyin' like Dez Bryant
With a TEC-9 against Rex Ryan, yeah!
Now watch me set it like correct time
All you get is sloppy seconds like a Timex time
I clock rejects into the next line
Talkin' reckless, that is just my
Strongest suit, but you can get my
Columbian neck tie
Prostitute just climb in the Humvee and lets ride
Why you hitching at night?
I put an end to your life (sex crime)
Kidding aside, insidious vibe
Girl, you know you got the prettiest eyes
But all you're getting is bribe
Ending your life to try to get you inside
Then we gon' end up spending the night
And I'm skinning your hide like an Indian tribe
What kind of nut drives a Budweiser truck
Finds a slut, tries to surprise her, cuffs, ties her
Up, binds up, cuts, slices her twice
But the muff diver must just like it rough
Fuck right in her vagina, blood
Flies up, under thighs, ugh, like a gyser, uh
Music, please
Enthusi', instead of roofie
Goal is to get a floozie inside the jacuzzi
And have a loosie, goosey as coozie is with an Uzi
But I am to rap what blue jeans mean to Bruce Springsteen
Glued me be, I'm truTV, you're too PG
I'm Schoolly D, you're spoony, G
No diss there, just notice there are no similarities that we share
Besides the fact we breathe air
Happily married, to rap and I'm glad that we buried
The hatchet and patched it up
Now I'm back to ratchet up my attack
And I'm at your mothafuckin' throat like...

[Phresher:]
Chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

[Eminem & Phresher:]
And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you
All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do?
My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose
And all at once just to have somethin' to chew...[Eminem]
Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?)
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)
I think I got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh)
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh)
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe)
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like
cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm)
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?)
So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife 
said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!)
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!)
Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it 
(Aww that shit is wack!)
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit 
(What?? That's my shit!)
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh)
But they love it when you make your business public
so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it
-- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed
Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh)
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)
I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup)
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin
It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha)
Y'all didn't wanna believe me!
I'm Shady!!
.. And that's my name