Eminem Has a full line of chainsaws
Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem...
Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper... Eminem
Who can say for sure?
Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use
Society would reap a great benefit

I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer, case of Tourettes
Fuck fuck fuck can't take the stress
I make a mess, as the day progresses, angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches with these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous it's
The only way to escape this mess and make the best of this situation, I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's
Despicable I'm sick of just getting pushed it's ridiculous
I look like a freakin' wuss, a pussy this kid just took
My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook
He hit me I fell, I got back up all I did was book, now there's using your head
Mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Fast forward some years later a teenager, this is fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat
I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud, gee for what reason? You stumped me
But how do you get the shit beat outta you, beat down and be upbeat, when you don't have nothing?
No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start, it's like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street
But if I could just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicin' trash talkin'
In a trance locked in my room, yeah but I got some plans, mama
These damn rhymes are fallin' outta my pants pocket, I can't stop it
And I'm startin' to blend in more
In school this shit helps for sure, I'm gettin' more self-assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch- end of story
Still in my skull's a vacant empty void been usin' it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory
In this gourde there's a Ford engine, door hinge, syringe, an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword
Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored
Ironin' board a bench, a wrench, a ore, wench an attention whore
Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fuckin' chain like an independent store
Something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't, 'cause I'd probably be Dahmer, 'cause mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
'Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb
I was on the bottom of the pile gettin' stomped
But somehow I came out on top
(Oh-oh-oo-oh)

I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice ya'll, fuck it, I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go they scream out go, I'm bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household
Out sold the sell-outs, freak the hell out Middle America, hear 'em yell out, in terror they were so scared and those kids
Just about, belted out whatever spouted or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird
Inappropriate? So be it, I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears it won't be as
Motherfuckin', difficult yeah, 'til then hopefully ya
Little homos get over your fears and phobias
It's OK to be scared-straight they said I provoked queers
'Til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's
A stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' "insert insult here"
Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole' emcee'd
Be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it?
And boy, they did flock, can't believe this little hick locked
This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
That white-trash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin' like six blocks
From a Kid Rock Insane Clown Posse concert in mid October
And God forbid I see the Wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all cause
I'll turn into the Unabomber mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck
Neither is ain't