Look, if I were to rap
About the crap
That's out
That's the route
You'd probably want me to take
'Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers

If I was to say something about Paul Wall,
You'd probably crap in your pants,
'Cause I'm white, and he's white,
So he's like my competition
I mean, right?

Nope, Paul Wall is dope
And so's Bubba, so
But I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali Shuffle,
And dance around my opponents, do donuts
Sometimes I play possum
Like I'm asleep it's awesome
I'm like a sleeping giant,
And when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey
And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em full of poison
And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em
And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em
And smack 'em with the backward E, the Eminem emblem

I was taught if you're gonna murder somebody you should face em
Tell em why,
Look them dead in the eye,
Then waste 'em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
And swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell
In the shadows of all who are willing to sell
Their souls for this rap game and it goes
1, 2, 3 (check, check) 1, 2, 3 (check, check) 1, 2, 3,
That ain't the hook, now follow me

There's nothing else for me to say,
My public adores me
Everybody bores me,
They're just so corny
So at night before I sleep I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers, "Come nearer."

My darling,
I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

"Shady, I know you're in there somewhere. Come here.
Talk to me, sit. Here, pull up a chair.
Why don't you cut your hair?
Dye it back, come on, try it."
No, I told you, leave me the fuck alone, will you?
"But I'm here to rebuild you."
But I already killed you!
"But Shady, we were meant for each other.
Think about your mother."
Yeah so what of her?
"Well think about what she did to you and your little brother.
All them foster homes.",
Fuck you motherfucker! I had you beat
"No I was playin' possum.
Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom.
I gave you enough time.
Your soul's mine.
I'm taking it back."
You fucking bitch why!?
"Because I love you. Look a little closer.
Isn't that us on that poster?"

My darling,
I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

"Shady, listen..."
(Shady!)
"You hear that?
They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back"
But I don't want it back!
"Yes you do."
No I don't!
"Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later!"
No I won't!
"I'mma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor"
Go ahead, I already talked to Dre yesterday
"Well I got him on the phone right now!"
(Slim!)
You're lying,
"Yo Slim",
How, why now! What up Dre?
"Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to ya.
I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your
Drugs, you became a lot softer"
But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
"Well, just think about it Slim, I don't care.
Just hit me back, and let me know what's up"
Fuck this mirror!
"I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you.
Let me guide you"
Fuck you, die you son of a bitch
"Put the gun down",
Bye bye!
OK I'm still alive,
"So am I too!
You can't kill a spirit, even if you tried to
You sold your soul to me. Need I remind you?
You remember that night you prayed to God
You'd give anything to get a record deal.
Well Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right ooh?
Look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, wooo!
Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too
That you're just now seeing the downside to
Lose your best friend from highschool, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil
Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle.
Marshall."
What!
"No one's gonna love you like I do!"

My darling,
I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I said, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling,
You and me were meant to be together my darling,
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling,
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body