[Eminem & Dr. Dre:]
Marshall! Sounds like an SOS
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics, Andre, you're fucking right!
To the Rapmobile – let's go!
(Marshall! Marshall!)
Bitches and gentlemen! It's showtime!
Hurry hurry, step right up!
Introducing the star of our show
His name is (Marshall!)
You wouldn't want to be
Anywhere else in the world right now
So without further ado, I bring to you (Marshall!)

[Eminem:]
You 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
Most rawest form, flow almost flawless
Most hardest, most honest known artist
Chip off the old block, but old Doc is (back)
Looks like Batman brought his own Robin
Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden
With his own private plane, his own pilot
Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges
Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches
Away from you, dear, fear none
Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so

Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

Quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
Gee willikers Dre, "Holy bat syllables!"
Look at all the bullshit that goes on
In Gotham when I'm gone
Time to get rid of these rap criminals
So skip to your lou while I do what I do best
You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it
Flows too wet, nobody close to it
Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit
The most hated on out of all those who say
They get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much
They make it all up, there's no such thing
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans
It just means so much more to so much more
People when you're rappin' and you know what for
The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all
To Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon!

Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo
Two old friends, why panic? You already know
Who's fully capable, the two caped heroes
Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero
You can even call collect, the most feared duet
Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette
And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat
People steppin' over people just to rush to the set
Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely
Ease over these beats and be so breezy
Jesus, how can shit be so easy?
How can one Chandra be so Levy?
Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me
Believe me, BET and MTV
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, fo' sheezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear
Into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here
But we ain't fuckin' around round here
Yo, Dre (What up?) Can I get a "hell yeah"? (Hell yeah!)

Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

So there you have it, folks
(Marshall!) has come to save the day
Back with his friend Andre
Here to remind you that bullshit does not pay
Because (Marshall!) and Andre are here to stay
And never go away, until our dying day
Until we're old and grey (Marshall!)
So until next time, friends
Same blonde hair, same rap channel
Good night, everyone! Thank you for coming!
Your host for the evening (Marshall!)
Oh! Heh